My 9 year old son has been playing roblox recently and it is ABSOLOUTLEY disguasting and to the parents out there, never let your children play this game.
My son is not a terrorist and the creator of this game who is called Badimo wants to get innocent,young children involved in shootings i also saw a chat which had shown slurs and eventually, someone said stuff like 'eww you nine year old suck your mum'  and another one was 'wet donny thinks he can act hard, you wasteman'.
I was absoloutly disguasted seeing a naked person in what was supposed to be a 'kids game' and yes, sex is a normal thing in life but it is way to inapropriate for kids!
never let your kids play this game!
Someone called my son a "Bacon Newb" or something and he is crying right now.
My child was then able to make unauthorised purchases because the site doesn't protect card details by allowing parents to add a password requirement before pressing 'pay now'.
I took this up with Roblox/Babka who basically didn't give a damn.
I personally don't think that its for young kids because they can get hacked, my 7 year old got hacked when he bought a lot of roux, don't worry its because he went into a weird game in Roblox.
Parents NEED to know that there is a VERY dark side to Roblox.
There are "condo" and "scent" games that will take the kids to inappropriate servers.
Kids under 13 are being targeted and invited to these servers as well.
Sometimes Rape, Gang Rape and Group Sex is present.
I am horrified that this isn't more moderated.
The games tend to get taken down but they're like rabbits and then 4 more appear.
Honestly, if I had known ANY of this was even remotely possible I would have never allowed my daughters to play this game.
THIS GAME IS HORRIBLE.
I PLAYED A GAME CALLED EGG FARM SIMULATOR AND THE BOSS WAS 100% HACKING!
NO CHILD SHOULD EVER HAVE TO SUFFER THROUGH SOMETHING THIS HORRIBLE.
I MIGHT EVEN FILE A LAWSUIT TRYING TO TAKE THIS GAME DOWN.
Roblox is supposed to be a game for kids.
Please don't use easy to guess pins because imagine a 5 year old playing really gory games like Euphoria blood testing.
That's a game where you can rip off body parts and there is violence, bits and gore.
Of course it's not really too bad but please lock the account and kids under age of 15 can only play 9+.
If I was 10 and I couldn't play gore kill sim 5 I would be mad.
This review hopefully will help but I'm not a parent so I am not perfect at it.
There are games that can be terrifying and scary like Mimic.
Roblox is game you should keep away from your children.
A lot of bullying happens and the support team don’t do anything to help.
Account gets hacked and unauthorised payments are taken and the support team do nothing to help you.
Honestly keep this game away from your children.
No good content about this game and your child will be exposed to inappropriate language and content and guess what!
The support team do nothing to help.
The platform has become an online hangout for hackers and teens with no life.
Online bullying is accomplished by circumventing their user agreement (they simple avoid chat, as that's all the platform logs).
Online bullying is a serious problem and this platform, while claiming to be for children, provides no actual educational value (their programming is proprietary) and is driven by cash profit.
It started out noble, but like all things, became monetized and corrupted.
Don't let your kids on this platform.
This company is letting people use Stolen CREDIT CARDS TO BUY PRODUCTS WITHOUT CHECKING.
NO WAY TO CONTACT COMPANY TO EVEN STOP THE USE.
ITS PURE THEFT by this company even if they they double check to make sure there is NO SCAM THEFT.
This game is bad my duaghter has been constantly getting scammed bullied and falsly reported and banned i would never recommend this game to others and now my duaghter is in here room crying her eyes out.
Also it is very innapropriate as she tells me she has seen very offensive things
DONT LET THEM PLAY ADOPT ME ROYALE HIGH OR MEEPCITY THEY ARE SCAMS ALSO DONT LET THEM GET THE STICH FACE OR ONLINE DATE BC THERE ARE A BUNCHA WEIRDOS other than that the game is fine as long as ur child isnt dumb (as my child never fell for these scams) and gives out their password and do free robux things i would add two step and make sure they put in their correct age or make it 13+ as u cant change it if ur under 13
I am extremely disappointed in the developers of this game, for a game that's supposed to be for children first of all it's not monitored for child predators or scammers and one cannot tell if their child is talking to another child or an adult, and secondly and also just as important the developers of this game is all about money $$$ and more money $$$ it's like $20 worth of game credits can only last a child maybe an hour of playing time only for them to come back asking a parent to buy them more game cre
These developers cheating little children out of their parents money they need to be ashamed for low life scammers that they are.
But beware of the chat feature because you may find inappropriate content.
I recommend not playing this game to much.
There are some really scary games on Roblox and before you play it, it’s  good to spend some time outside.
However, the reason why I gave this four stars is because some users take Roblox to the “next” level by making inappropriate stuff.
The app and the actual website is quite misleading since the app looks a lot more different than the website, but I understand.
People also get mad over the customer service since they get an automated message saying, “** Important ** We are currently receiving a high volume of tickets at this time.” I mean, come on, it’s just a reminder telling you to wait since there are many tickets and that sort of junk.
Roblox is very bad I caught my students playing it and they were harassing homeless children and eating a five course meal in front of them and a few of them had roblox kittens whatever the hell that means don’t let you’re children near this game after I took roblox away one of my students threatened me with scissors I teach 9-12 grade
ROBLOX isn't a good game for your kids or your wallet.
ROBLOX is a corporate shell of what it used to be, the idea your kids can learn from this game is outdated as their business model went to exploiting your kids.
The filter creates an unsafe environment as it's easily bypassed and generally censors things that don't need to be while ignoring things that need to be and there's always some sort of sex game.
There's also games that actively encourage violence or that put pay walls every few steps of the game (no literally, you touch something and it will give you a pop up to ask you to spend money on it.)
It has a friend request feature and I checked it out and has games that start with bad words!
This game is full of immature kids acting like teens my son came to me the other day with tears in his eyes saying he got bullied on Roblox this is not acceptable  and the over priced stuff on here give me a freaking break
in some games there are blood and people can number swear and my 8 year old son is repeating these bad words and most of all people can ask you for your address so dont bother to get this game.
My son wanted to show me the game but only what I saw that somebody said ugly things to him and when my son wrote "sure" he got banned for it.
Ban reason was Harassment/Bullying did not know that this word is harassing.
But I saw more disgusting things than this.. there are adult ppl acting as kids and sexting with kids.
Roblox over the years has been making very dissapointing updates in recent years, their moderation is worse than ever, Roblox forgot what they were now they are a deppressing looking site only made to make money, greed has overcome Roblox, they have forgotten about their community and left it to us to keep Roblox alive, most of the games now either are very underated games that are good but impossible to find and poorly advertized by Roblox or some trash cashgrab game with no game in it, just a bunch of gam
Roblox has also been forcing players to use their updates such as slowing removing R6 to match their vision and removing classic faces to their cheap copies to make the game more 'realistic' even though the people using them are mostly likely new to the game or a troll trying to be funny, although the game isnt going anywhere yet they are losing the old players.
Absolutely terrible!!
People taking advantage of kids!
Seems like pedo’s play this.
Telling our child not to tell their parents!
IS A BIG NO NO!!
Should be 18+ 
This is out of hand!
THIS GAME IS NOT MENT FOR CHILDREN THIS IS TERIBLE.
TOXIC AND A RIP OFF …
As with other reports first and foremost Roblox rips kids off and they are untouchable, as a parent I have complained to them about my kids buying Robux (a scam Nigeria would be proud of) and have also complained about my kids being scammed by other roblox players.
There is not even a government department that gives 2 hoots about complaints put in about Roblox.
Rather than banning scammers, the woke moderators at Roblox will ban your kids for the most inane, harmless comments.
This is not surprising as Roblox themselves scam kids out of their hard earned money.
This game is simply Toxic
this game is bad for you're kids they have bad moderation if you misspell 1 single word you can get banned and if you're kid randomly finds a weird game or weird people you're kid will be doing stuff they are not supposed to do this is a very bad game to play dont play it
-Josh
However my 6 year old, Alexiacondiacous (Alex for short) has spotted some really disgusting material on this beautiful and amazing game, they found these games called "sussy condos" where people can gyrate their booties.
THIS IS HORRIBLE!!
My 4 year old boy, Mikeyongles, has recently been saying the n word and saying "I hate my mum!
Fuck you!"
I was outraged after finding out hes been messaging a 69 year old man who lives in a parking lot, he taught him these words through playing roblox, I swatted the guy after I found him and he got bam bam shot up.
One thing I'd like to add is that there are silly boys and girls on this game that scare my children, my 6 year old wouldn't shut up about a character on roadblox that is named "Rush" from doors.
it gave her nightmares and she hasn't stopped shitting herself and wetting the bed.
I also hate the skibidi toilet games because my four year old runs around the house saying "brrr skibidi dip dip yes ye" and I hate it.
RIP to my 7 year old who got ran over on roadblox.
I'm clinically depressed now!
Communist and Facist movements are still in the game #winenight #freeourchildrenfromroadbloxcommunism
I am done with Rōblox.
I cannot believe this rn.
You know better then that!
Bring them back or else I will sue you.
🤬🤬🤬
P.S.
: Don't play this fucking game.
Damn Roblox.
So many terrorists, 9/11 happened.
The pentagon got blown up, and the world trade centre got bombed.
Roblox has alot to do alot to teach in terms of programming but unfortunately the game is full of groomers, discord has quite a few places that encourages anti furry hate to a extreme thet bully and allow cheaters to ruin the game in all ages and 10+ servers.
When I saw this I became absolutely fuming!
Why is there games involving sex in Roblox what 7 year old and below can access!
I recommend that you only play this game if you are 18+ as it has very sexual content and it reminds me of Grand Theft Auto.
1 star out of 5, DO NOT PLAY!
bad, bandi say bad, go die
Unfortunately it's extremely easy to be scammed by them, we do not recommended to buy gift cards, you will lose your money.
There's no support or customer service, they will shamelessly take your money and not provide the service, in short, they're scammers.
Do losers have nothing better to do then do that on a kids game?
I've been playing roblox since I was 9 roblox was slightly disgusting than with people and now its even more fucking disgusting as I'm older and especially with voice chat.
on top of that people will get you banned for 0 reason and roblox doesn't respond at least this has happened for me.
I even show them proof as if they would fucking care to look.
the game has become trash in that aspect and games nowadays are getting more boring.
It's really getting worthless to play this game anymore.
I'm 18 now and a lot of people on roblox is not safe for children even when I was little but now its worse.
Some people be talking shit like sex and etc without getting banned this is how bad it is in my view.
I would like to rant more but this is some.
Just recently this game added voice chat, and the moderation for it couldn’t be worse.
Random people can randomly report your voice chat for Roblox’s robots to ban your ability to use voice chat and there is no moderation for you to reach out to have it appealed.
This game has no educational value, I’ve only really encountered competitive children on here or racist keyboard warriors.
Really not a game worth your time, roblox couldn’t care less about their moderation or any weird behavior that’s actually happing on here, and would rather employ robots to do their work than  humans capable of doing a good job.
Despiciable!
This game is horrible for children, for starters.
This game never moderates their games!
I saw a game with innaprotiate content, They also have hundreds of copyrighted items on their catalog, They also take 70% of a game developers cut of revenue when creating roblox games!
there is also many horror games kids should not be playing!
They also disabled my son's account, and when I tried to talk to support about it, they never responded, my child has been crying day and night cause of his roblox account and no matter what I do, I can't get him to smile.
This is a horrible game and doesn't deserve the popularity it has, Many games also have gambling in them with robux, a currency that costs REAL life dollars!
This is a horrible game and deserves to be canceled!
Roblox takes advantage of it's users and developers.
Their entire platform is built on the backs of international child labor, that is not an exaggeration.
They don't respect their players or those who generate their revenue.
There have been multiple accounts, of which you can readily watch documentation of on YouTube, of people coaxing children off-platform into communication sites like Discord to groom them, and they refuse to take responsibility for that, despite that these people are actively playing alongside your children in-game and CAN be identified through their Discord user id I know because I've been a part of a group that traced a scammer back to their Roblox username.
They know VERY well that what they're doing is malicious and have refused to do anything about it for years.
They are greedy, and have successfully created a vacuum for the wealthy to thrive.
Because on top of charging you 75% of your total revenue, they also charge you for advertising on their platform.
Unreal.
The executives at Roblox need to be put in jail, but taking advantage of children is just kinda part of our entire economic system, so justice will probably never be served, and they'll never see how wrong their actions are through the money their making profiting from their greed.
I dislike how Roblox can be toxic for kids, and Roblox doesn't ban people even if they scam, or bully.
Sure they ban some people, but some people get away with it.
Horrible and traumatizing game.
Horrific for adults to see their kids learn this stuff at a young age.
Roblox willingly allows users to engage in extremely abusive monetisation techniques.
At its best, it is filled with greedy developers who demand premium currency in exchange for almost anything in game.
At its worst, it is filled with outright scammers - and the developers of the game are among them.
Our experience is one where the 2-factor authentication on my daughter's account failed and someone was able to log in to her account.
Roblox then reset the account, including the missing premium currency (around £30 to £40 worth) - but then shortly after that took back the premium currency stating that they were unable to help.
Clearly as the currency was restored, it's not that they are 'unable' to help - just unwilling.
No further explanation was given, nor did we receive a response to the question of how someone was able to access the account despite me having 2FA on it.
It's not the first time we've had issues with this shoddy operation.
It took far too long to get a resolution to this and we were practically pulling out teeth just to get a positive response from their so called customer services team.
This "game" is nothing more than a scam.
I would caution parents to encourage their kids stay far away from it.
I am extremely repulsed to see that the fact in Roblox, my child has been having tantrums because of the game called Mimic, apparently Sama in the mimic is the worse when it gets him, he gets extremely unorthodox about it.
This is extremely disappointing to hear my child getting extremely mad.
In Doors, the monsters that are cartoons make my child extremely scared and petrified.
My child has been having too many tantrums over these, also inappropriate that the entity Sama and Rush has wall hacks and X-Ray that must be nerfed, I will created a full on complaint about the truths of the output this content has received to my child.
I am disappointed and ashamed of the game named Egg farm simulator and how hacks orientated the space boss is I will be filing a cease and assist due to my fury and anger .
I also want to go into detail on how time wasting the waiting process to get into the boss I am extremely furious because of these factors do not come up on my home page ever again.
i mean kids just get this game to have fun but theres only 1 word you are not allowed to say on roblox its b****s i dont know why roblox didnt ban this word and it has s*x and i dont like it and people are rude so i dont recommend this
i got aids from that game and my final wish is to bust my final nut.
Not safe.
The game itself is fine, but the customer service itself and the customer support is a joke.
You can literally get banned for speaking your own language in the game, because if roblox thinks that some words in your language  sounds or seems the same as an innapropriate word in english, you are censored immedietly and its likely to get banned afterwards.
Also the customer support takes days to answer for your appeals, and when its about a 1-3 day ban of your account, its annoying to be punished for days while you did not do anything wrong.
Overall good potential, but ruined by the company.
this is a good game but it wont let me put my phone number in,
This game is great and all but the glitches and lag is killing me.
Like when I'm about to do something in the game I get kicked out to the Roblox loading page.
It's extremely frustrating.
ever since this byfron thing came my roblox game always crashes it made me lose a items in a game so roblox fix this
Roblox is the epitome of greediness.
They are constantly rising up the cost of the credits "Robux" to the point where it became a rip-off.
Since February, I've stopped buying him gift cards.
Related to the content now, there is some bullying and foul language taking place so always speak to your child every so often to make sure he's doing OK.
Overall, I would not recommend introducing the platform to your kids for the reason that the games in there offers no educational content and most of the games are not even competitive and quite a few games are made with the concept of "Pay to win", so I really see no value on playing Roblox.
I see a lot of people saying people can be rude.
It just depends what game you're playing, you can usually tell by joining if people will be mean by looking at their avatars.
A game that you should stay away from would be like Da Hood, it's really violent and people are mean.
Also make sure you're monitoring your kid, a lot of roblox bullies parents aren't even aware they bully kids.
When she was younger she would always play, but now she is not allowed to play the game.
I don't think it is a kid-appropriate game.
Before things started changing the game was perfectly fine but now I am disgusted by how it has changed over time.
My child was messaging random strangers on Roblox.
But Overall we reported that person that person got kicked and reported off of roblox.
For 1 to 6 year old
Just no don't let them play they are too young
2.
This game is VERY BAD for children I sae my sun getting, lets just say, "women".
The worst customer service imaginable, people who have no idea what they are doing and shouldn’t be in that field.
Fraud and money scams.
Your child will be exposed to inappropriate content that is not ever moderated appropriately.
Better to find somewhere else to enjoy your time on the internet.
Not somewhere that’s going to steal money, never respond and have terrible service, and doesn’t appreciate its consumers.
The worst service in the face of the planet.
Everyone associated ought to be ashamed and embarrassed.
Bad staff I reported 5 Hackers and the past 2 months And they never got warned Or banned and its clear they are using cheats Like, Flying No damage And telaporting without in-game cmds
Hello I don't think it is a good game for young kids so I think 12+ rating is good
And their support staff Sam is pretty useless, all he said was pretty much “too bad u can’t do anything about it”
Roblox is fun for kids but there are some games that are not appropriate are the people in it aren’t like games that bypass the chat filter.
Sadly you do have to spend robux (an in game currency you have to spend money to get) alright now I’ll talk about the bad things but do not worry most of the topics in the bad section I talk about is very uncommon to witness.
Also people can sometimes be rude,  while most of the people on roblox are nice, some people are rude.
I have encountered someone who gave me a death threat cause I didn’t give them something.
So for the romance I have a lot to say, most games have no romance people in it can be innopropiate games like meepcity (you shouldn’t join that one) are made for kids the people in it can be innopropiate it’s very common for meepcity to have romance and dating in it even though it isn’t supposed to.
And some games on roblox allow romance so all I am saying is try to avoid meepcity or any romantic games if you dislike romance.
For the violence  there isn’t much but games like arsenal and combat warriors are based around violence so if you don’t like violence then avoid playing games like that.
My son whose only 6 watches koneto kitten and kreekcraft throughout his day, After viewing both youtubers videos i have noticed kreekcraft talking about hot moms which to me is absolutely disgusting and koneto for cursing in his documentary videos.
My son will be excused from them and as for kreek, his 7 month subscription for youtube will be cancelled.
When he was in lobby he was approached by 3 teenagers who called him squeaker kid and continously shot him until he cried in flood of tears.
It got the point he woke me up at 3am.. 3AM.. just to tell me he was being followed and killed by the same teenagers.
I as a mother of 8 decided to tell them off and report them.
My son will never be playing Da Hood again until the developer adds in a child mode.
I recommend banning people that bully evidently in the chat.
There’s no need for rage or hate in servers.
They should make an automatic ban for people who wish to be rude to others for no apparent reason.
Niece got bullied and banned for the day because she stood up for herself.
i freaking hate the chat filter starting just to censor words for false reasons/no reasons, like numbers, ratings, safe words, more
and I have been watching what she has done and I am surprised most parents say its bad but my 6 year old daughter who didn't know how to read actually read!
my child saw a s*x game but safely ignored, BAN THIS NOW!!!
MY KID POOPED HIS PANTS WHILE PLAYING DOORS BECAUSE HE GOT SCARED LOL AND THEN HAD SEX WITH AN ANIME GIRL ITS GOOD THAT HE IS REPRODUCING AND THEN SHOT THE BABY IN THE HEAD THAT WAS VERY FUNNY THEN HE SAID FUCK YOU BABY THEN YEAH HE GOT DRUNK AND GOT IN A CAR CRASH (in game) AND I THINK THAT WAS ALL VERY AGE APPROPRIATE.
(this is all a joke and im not actually a parent)
but people are saying roblox is inappropriate.
Like, get your cringe 40-year-old self out of the way trying to date someone that's disgusting bruh.
it's just that people don't understand that roblox is not the one making these games.
The game that is actually good isn't popular.
My son lost 5000 robux to this game because someone told him that if he gave him robux then he would get 5x.
this game is terrible
Roblox is now banned in my house before my daughter used to be a kind young lady and an A+ student when she started playing Roblox her grades dropped and she became a C- student and had horrible behavior after the ban she was back to her normal self.
I do not recommend Roblox to any parents!
It exposes children to a wide range of content that is not appropriate for younger viewers.
MY DOG PLAYED THE GAME AND WAS EXPOSED TO SEX AND SHIT HELP1!1!1 
200yr Timmy sucked a man’s dick help
Lol
I HATE THIS GAME!!!!
IT SUCKED MY DEAD DOG INTO THE GAME AND STARTED HACKING ME.
my avatar started becoming bald, Roblox is causing cancer and it’s proven 
It killed me
Terrible support.
They will literally steal your money, make you jump through a bunch of hoops, and you still won't get reimbursed.
'Customer Support' is pure garbage
This game is nothing but the promotion of child gambling with pedos as moderators.. the Roblox corporation is satanic
this game is sissy bungus.my kid played this and now he does not want to go poop he is to scared please to not put your child through what my child had to go through
this game is sissy bungus.my kid played this and now he does not want to go poop he is to scared because the infamous "Escape the McDonalds toilet obby!"
please to not put your child through  the trauma what my child had to go through.
He played Your Bizarre Adventure ONCE and now he is a loan shark stock trader, what happened to my baby!11!
Other parents are complaining too much, overall not bad.
Parents, just be aware that Roblox sells defective e-gift cards with codes that won't work and they just claim they're not responsible for anything!!!
I have spent $25 on an e-card that I bought DIRECTLY from Roblox website, it was my daughter's birthday, but as soon as she entered the code, she got an error message.
The code was correct but there was no way she could redeem it!
They took 2 weeks to get back to me just to say they couldn't do anything.
Great way to make business, selling codes that won't work and claiming they're just not responsible!
No customer service.
Waste of time and money
I payed for 50$ Giftcard AND IT WAS INVAILD Roblox please fix your game
Too much hack that roblix cant dectect ruining games and they worried avout swearing?
Calling someone a F to A to G and banned for swearing, but no these cheating hacket that roblox cant dectect.
If i can give negative star, undescrable star would make the rewview go negative.
Cant enjoy a peacful none hacking game
Too much hack that roblix cant dectect ruining games and they worried avout swearing?
Calling someone a F to A to G and banned for swearing, but no these cheating hacker that roblox cant dectect.
If i can give negative star, undescrable star would make the review go negative.
Cant enjoy a peacful none hacking game roblox cant fix
I hate that OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHRHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
mY sonNN play rubulox asnd he Played a gambling chingb andsa got harny and sterted tuking meth iand looked of rublox puge and it shuwed porno games this is unacepted i banned hem from evr playing egain!!!
There are many headlines such as “Pedo uses Roblox chat to lure kids” but there’s a way to pervert this
Settings > Prenatal Controls > Chat > Off
As easy as that.
Also there are games such as “Condo” games that have Sex and other inappropriate sexual content but what you need to do is monitor your kids!
Worried about them swearing: Monitor you kids or turn off the chat feature.
See look the reason people call this a bad game is people don’t take the right precautions.
They just think the Internet will raise there kids and if there is something bad we have to get rid of the platform.
But I caught her with some *guy* that was being racist.
He called her a “black b*tch” and he said the N word but he put an ER instead of an A. Roblox used to be so kid friendly but now it’s terrible!
Just like the avatar creator game, kids are constantly getting harassed by older white men!
This has to stop!
Im so disappointed…
Some games are about collecting pets, and others about about slicing peoples throat off!
The horror games are to scary for under 11 year olds to go and the fact they can just click on it is a terrible thought.
The parental controls are useless, they're is an enormous amount of content that is not suitable for kids under 17 that is accessible even to those on the under 13 profile.
Because it's user generated they simply cannot keep up with the reviewing and rating and it's difficult and sometimes fruitless to try to report content.
Is a shame as there are very good games and quite innocent content, but you need to sit with your child the entire time they are playing given the large and increasing amount of inappropriate and unrated content.
But when she went online to redeem it, it said invalid.
The retail store referred me to Roblox customer service, who responded:

"Unfortunately, the code you provided is invalid or already redeemed and we are not able to assist with it further."
Roblox basically stole money from a child.
What is upsetting, is some parents.
You can also put restrictions so please don't complain if this stuff happens.
You can add it so you cannot read any chat or send any chat messages and you can only play the most boring games.
All these parents complaining about their kids going on games.
I’m sorry.
to all parents in case of a list of these events happen (account hacked banned bullying blocking) so 1 someone bullying block them or disable the chat 2 account hacked before this happenes  just put in your phone number on your childs account before hacked and give roblox costumer support a call 3 banned you can go to roblox support or call roblox to unban the account if its a long time 4 another bullying event report the account the kid whos bullying your child
If you have children, you will not like this app.
This is a place for those bad dudes to hang out that you see in the movie Taken…
Don’t do it.
Went to my local store to buy a robux gift card and spent 50$ on it I went back home and tried to use it but it kept saying a "An unexpected error occurred.
wasted 50$ on a lego game I wouldnt get the game.
My son added his gift cards today for Christmas and someone hacked his account.
I tried to contact support for help and then it says you will have to leave a message.
I’m a single parent mom who works hard for every thing and someone comes and hack his account.
THIS GAME IS VIOLENT, I SAW A GAME WITH GUNS AND KILLING PEOPLE.
So my daughter has been playing on this platform, and now she wants me to subscribe for her, which I have no problem with, however, now that I've been on the platform and struggling with the gift cards, and subscriptions (and I'm an IT software developer) - I can clearly say this site is not secure!
Support is useless!
I can't get what I paid for, and support keeps sending an automated response instead of doing support.
So I've lost the money and NOTHING!
Don't trust this site with your banking details!
Not to mention the bullying I've seen going through her messages.
I think certain games are ok ...many are violent .and then the sex thing..and the chats are full of bullying and well it's tried to be block much gets through...because most parents aren't staring at their kids 100% of the time I would recommend for 10 plus over all
Time lose in this game.
It really suck and a lot of toxic communities , really bad game.
I was curious so I tried it I posed as a 12-year-old girl it was horrible!
People were bullying, replacing letters with numbers to swear!
I banned my child from using Roblox.
This game is terrible!
But he said he was getting bullied 2 days after he said they won't stop.
I looked at his screen and was shocked!
He was playing a violent game called "piggy."
With a demonic pig chasing people around and killing people!
I hope my review has made you not give your kids Roblox.
there is violence, roblox added a age rating so when you put your date of birth like at 2013, the kid is 9 so your kid can see games nine and under.
honestly this game has at terrible moderation system and gives absolutely 0 help if you actually need something
your kid will be banned for saying the most ridiculous things their responses are fast if you consider 5 hours for one message that will tell you first that there's something wrong with your first report then another 5 to tell you that they will do nothing about it a "fast response time"
and when you get back in the game your kid will still be exposed to a ridiculous amount of 18+ content from OTH
plus their hacker problem is just ridiculous and if you ask roblox for help they will not do anything

but if you somehow manage to avoid the 18+ games , the bullying , terrible moderation , violence , hacking , the scams , terrible security , and 0 customer service  then its a pretty good game with some educational games and lets your kid be creative so ill have to give it at least 2 stars
The platform is good, but the content is dangerous, is full of games based on horror, sadism and violence that are aimed to child kids.
Don't put your kids in risk.
Avoid roblox
ok fucking hate you roblox complete piece of shit.
you fr banning me becuase i said im blocking you?
you gotta be fucking kidding me and since when did you care about people using" OFFENSIVE LANGUAGE" lol fuck you.
people with vc be doing it all the time, thats just fucking bullshit
that my child got banned for not saying sexist things like dime is american or suck my di this app is very dumb
just today my account got kicked from roblox for voting to kick a hacker and i had to redo my entire account and remember my password and everything.
Personally for me its fine for 4 year olds because my cousin has been playing since 2016 and i watched him play it just once it turned 2020 (the pandemic) slenders and online daters flooded the game and it became a hellhole but unless you turn off the chat feature your kid can’t interact with anyone and once they turn 13 i suggest lower the safety limits on roblox a little more
I could not returned the cards or get new one at the store so I contacted their hep contact customer support and I will tell you guys stay away from them worst customer services or support..
I will never buy anymore gift cards from Roblox… those gift cards were only 10$ each cards and this company is treating their customers so bad….
Why Did They Ban The Word Peacock?
Banned In I As "California"
This game has changed my child faster than I had ever thought possible, after seeing multiple mixed reviews here I decided to give him a try he is 6 after logging on I caught him messing around with disgusting suicidal people calling themselves slenders recreating sexual acts and drinking, If you choose to let your children play this game prepare for it to change them!
This app sucks I accidentally deleted it and my password says it’s wrong but I know for sure it was right.
I used my email to reset the password and it still wouldn’t let me through so I don’t have this game anymore and I spent over $200 on Robux for my child.
0/0 recommended.
Amazing, but it has the most extreme censorship I have ever witnessed in my life.
My Far cousin age 9 had cancer and wanted to play this game, but he wasnt able to
Had 1 week left to live and wasted 3 days of his last week in his life to try to get this game starting because it keeps saying committing verfication whenever it you pass the verification test creating an account.
This game is toxic 
bad for kids
not a good game for learning
Killed my far cousin dreams 
I hate you roblox i hope your brand dies
Nnooooooo stop he slendersssssssssss i hate thwm they all bully me anmd make fun of my mothdr and my brokeneess.
Roblox Is Stupid!
It Should Be Banned In I As "Minnesota"
Sure, there's some violence, but maybe only unrealistic blood, or at map, half of someone's head in realistic games.
I DO have a couple complaints, though.
The chat filter is too sensitive.
Certain words like 'town' are filtered out, for no legitimate reason.
Also, words that would be useful in roleplays such as 'stupid' or 'damn' are censored, which my son finds really annoying when he's playing with his friends.
Could not buy robux for free :(((((
I am sick of them stealing from my child's bank account all the time!
I hope they feel fantastic for robbing a 12 year old 😡🤬.
I'm so angry!
I can't find any subscriptions on the account to justify the debit to her account and yet if I don't lock her Spriggy card all the time $7 something regularly leaves her bank account like once a week!
I know for a fact it is not my 12 year old spending the money because she has been in the room with me when the money is taken 😡.
I am getting really angry with the situation.
I wish there was a way to make it stop but I don't know how without there being some kind of obvious subscription to cancel or something 😡.
Their game is not very secure and they are thieves.
I wouldn't recommend putting your bank details in this game but I wouldn't play it at all because there is either hidden fees you can't cancel or something else dodgy going on.
Now I have the inconvenience of having to lock my daughter's Spriggy card unless she is checking out and sometimes I am WORKING and she wants to buy food or something and I don't get her messages to unlock the card.
I wish they'd just stop stealing from her all the time.
I can't handle it!
😩 I wouldn't let your kids start playing in the first place if it is a hacker then the game is not very secure from being hacked and your details are not safe.
Seriously I wish she never started playing because this is too much drama for me and I don't know enough to resolve the situation 😢.
They should have better security measures at the least at most if it's not hacked which I think is the case then it should be shut down because they steal from kid's and do not make charges clear or easy to cancel
My son (5) who I was watching was kicked from a game (Elemental Battle Tycoon) and the creator left a vulgar racist message as a reason why.
I reported and reached out to Roblox and they all but dismissed it.
The message I got was "Fu*k you for being a bl**k".
I have a long email chain asking for some resolution and I keep getting copy and paste responses.
Seems as if having racists on their platform is ok.
The fact that Roblox allows games that perpetuate racial stereotypes is disrespectful and a slap in the face to parents.
The staff also allows users to create antisemitic imagery, yet users get banned for asking a question.
The one word I have for the Roblox staff, hypocrites.
There are certain games I do not allow  my youngest child to play that have to much blood/gore/death in them.
My only complaint is that the Robux my kids keep asking for are VERY expansive.
Im talking five bucks for five hundred fake dollars.
Scammers, refused to refund me on a broken gamepass despite evidence.
There is sex references and gore, nudity and death!
when i join a game it automaticly disconnects me when my wi-fi is perfectly fine, please fix this and it also happens on every other account i play on.
Roblox has too many pedos and smoking and drinking.
Drains a lot of your battery.
While Roblox can be fun, make sure to know that there are high amounts of child predators online.
The biggest problem in the game is Robux, the online currency in the game.
If you child does this, it is completely accidental, and you should explain to them the value of money before they go on to Roblox again.
Roblox should be rated 10+ because kids of that age are usually mature enough not to do those types of things.
You are able to buy horrible assets that can cost THOUSANDS of real life money and resell them, what Roblox doesn't tell you is that they take 30% of Robux that you resell, so children who are thinking they are making a profit by reselling an item for 10 more Robux are in fact making less than what they originally bought it for, you are able to access this market no matter what age and there is no parental option to disable it.
There is no verification as well.
Mark and no photo so you cannot even see what you are purchasing.
This goes against Roblox own TOS as well and all simulator games have this.
Here is a photo of a Guillotine Tycoon game where a man gets his head decapitated to earn money to upgrade your place, how is this allowed on a kids platform?
Last point there are horror games that have gore in them and can traumatize children, there is no PARENTAL options to disable access from certain games.
I played all these games and it's gore and jump scares.
Realistcally, by law this game should be at least for 16-18 years old and older because a children game should not have a stock market and gambling games that don't even show percentage of winning.
Stay away from this platform with poor moderation and many hackers.
Roblox had their data leaked recently that you can find their documents and this is the most vile company I have ever seen that they need to be investigated by the law, but because this is a billionaire company they get away with everything.
I really love the Roblox game its self but I have a  cuple issues like the fact the a person said that they would ban my acc and that they were a hacker and tried to scam me in a game.
He said that they would put a virus on my computer and tat I would get banned.
I did not believe this so I said that was a lie I left the game reset my page and got a WARNING saying that I harassed him when I was the one getting threatened.
That I would loose my account and that I would have a virus on my computer I reported the "hacker" for threatening and exploiting and my friend reported him to and I ended up getting a warning I think this is not fair  that I ended up getting a warning on my laptop.
I really love the Roblox game its self but I have a  cuple issues like the fact the a person said that they would ban my acc and that they were a hacker and tried to scam me in a game.
He said that they would put a virus on my computer and that I would get banned.
I did not believe this so I said that was a lie I left the game reset my page and got a WARNING saying that I harassed him when I was the one getting threatened.
That I would loose my account and that I would have a virus on my computer I reported the "hacker" for threatening and exploiting and my friend reported him to and I ended up getting a warning I think this is not fair  that I ended up getting a warning on my laptop.
extremely risky there are many child predators on this game and some inappropriate images or skins you can get, there are also way to many micros transactions which is not okay for a kids game when they don't understand money the way we adults do...
also has many swear words said in chat and other games have guns violence and drugs I don't know how so many parents across the world let their kids play this game.
lots of violence in this game , killing each other with swords is not ok. blood is in this game and a lot of sexual content😒😡😠😡😒😡😡
But the thing is that people try to get bad stuff through the chat filters.
Like threats.
Sex- Revealing sexual outfits in the catalog and some nude nasty games which are luckily hard to find.
Bullying- There is many bullies obviously.
However if he catches up to you he will stab you with his claws multiple times until he screams in your face and takes one final slash.
If he hits you your character will scream in pain and blood can be heard and will splatter on your screen.
The Rake has a very creepy appearance with his glowing white eyes and grey wrinkly skin and super long and bloody claws.
You can blind, stun, or get the Rakes foot stuck in a bear trap.
There is no language because Roblox censors almost everything so you might hear hell at the worst.
This game really doesn’t have any violence and when they kill you they just go past you and you fall on the floor and respawn.
If anyone looks at him irl or even in a picture he will run after you until he kills you.
If you look at him he will start to cover his face and scream.
Once he kills you he’ll slash you with his long claws and turn you into a bloody pool.
Then he will start to eat your remains.
His appearance is very creepy.
He also has some blood on his bottom jaw.
Though it is a Roblox game, it is rather scary.
There are creepy monsters, frightening sounds, and jump scares galore.
An entity named Rush can be frightening to younger gamers with his big, toothy smile.
There is also an entity named Figure who tears off and eats his victims, heads.
(No blood and not graphic) The game in general has a creepy vibe to it and it has a first person screen throughout the game.
(Or possibly bow and arrows) The violence is very high on this.
You can attack and dismember people with golf clubs, shovels, bats, sickles, and much more.
Peoples arms and heads can be cut off with weapons, if someone steps in a bear trap they lose their leg, and if someone is caught in a grenade explosion they will turn into a bloody mess.
They also have glory kills where you graphically kill people in sort of an Mk brutality style.
There is an option to turn blood and gore off but they don’t do much.
And if you turn off gore and dismemberment it just won’t show a bone sticking out of your body when you get dismembered.
None of this is very realistic so I would definitely say 15+ for this game.
Very greedy company and doesn't even abide by their own rules
Do not invest or pay real money to play Roblox games or purchase items , you can easily get banned for no reason or you account deleted and the moderator do not care and no do they provide any reason why you account has been deleted.
My son account got hack and has been deleted and the moderator cant even be bother to investigate and provide the reason why they deleted the account, We have spend over $1500  on this game and all went to waste just like that It's a Shame.
I would say ten and up, but I caught my 10 year old son in a porn game telling him to whip his cock out and pee on his device.
Would not recommend.
Also, he found a way to bypass the chat, and he said every word he knows is a swear and expected to get away with it.
), Criminality, (warning, toxic) and The Wild West (the best out of the listed)
Funny, filthy Humor and shocking language
Roblox does NOT tolerate nudity/dating/s3x in any way, as they tag bad things out with hashtags (#) to prevent such.
Roblox does NOT tolerate nudity/dating/s3x in any way, as they tag bad things out with hashtags (#) to prevent such.
She is struggling greatly right now and I think parents need to be aware of the potential for harm on this website.
THIS GAME IS DISGUSTING.
It was going fine until we stumbled upon a game about an unspeakable thing.
She was traumatized.
There has also been other encounters of children being mean to my little Karen...  DONT LET YOUR KIDS ON.
What I’m saying is, they need to work on censoring games.
You can search up “inappropriate game” and many things will pop up on there.
You can’t even say the word “dumb”.
my kid was a big fan of the roblox game known as jail break my kid then began to rob banks irl this was not cool as he was shooting people and then they would not move after
only people who have a pension shoudldplay this game
Some say this game is just plain sausage.
This is the worst game ever to exist.
This game is unsatisfactory.
This game made me have constipation and many other things.
games are fun but you cannot even play them since Roblox is always crashing.
My mother-ak47- threw her windows 2 laptop while fighting in world war 2(very scary) out of pure rage because she were absolutely gaming at arsenal (she was killing people left and right and was at 21 kills) then Roblox crashes.
She gets mad and kills Hitler with a blow dryer.
In the end its all robloxs fault and not at any way the bad computer she had
It's perfect it has guns, blood, murder, bullying, and people spending too much money.
This game causes terrible turmoil in my 10 yr old granddaughter’s home.
She throws screaming fits when she is told she can’t play.
U do need to watch out though, there are some people o nthere that will find ways to bypass the filter and say naughty mean words.
There are also games usually with the word con in them that include nude morphs and dirty animations, they get banned very fast though.
Chat will be available but anything deemed possibly dangerous or inappropriate will be blocked.
Make sure not to try to swear or your account will be temporarily locked.
My kid has been declaring ww3 for getting banned for saying on roblox the g word, we saw him with a nuclear bomb and he is going to delete the nuclear bomb RIGHT NOW why?
Roblox is controlled by developers which makes young people more vulnerable!
The waiters are also very bad.
if YOU think it's GTA5  it's not.
Many edgy, or "too cool" passive aggressive player base, besides the chance of making any real/true friends on Roblox is non existence anyways.
And also Roblox can be full of Political movements and ideology too, and you wouldn't want your children being influence by any of it, I assure you, I guess you can say it's very "Liberal".
Roblox is like a school playground where there is few to no adult supervision (Mods and Admins tend to suck), and sometimes the only adults there might be up to no good (like spreading political ideology, stalking, scamming etc.).
Roblox has some good games, but it is filled with games that make no sense, weird or scary, creepy games that I do not believe are appropriate for smaller children.
And then there is the Robux, if you do not want to be spending a lot of money or have your child be constantly asking you to buy them, do not let them play!
its complete **** i get disconnected whenever i play games even if i have 5 bars
This game is good but lately this game have make some bad desisions like removing audio so now milions of people who bought the gamepasses for radios will be useless.
And the game is always broken how is this game a billion dollar company and be broken easily
roblox is not family friendly.
this game contains rick rolling and more, my child named rick gets rick rolled all the time, hes very sad.
Death is like lego blocks dismantled.
But there is still fantasy violence like powerful car sports and shooting with no blood.
Some people fake it is unsafe.
Explicit content is banned for all players no matter your age.
Death is like lego blocks dismantled.
But there is still fantasy violence like powerful car sports and shooting with no blood.
Some people fake it is unsafe.
Explicit content is banned for all players no matter your age.
So where in the world is there a chance for vulgar and sexualised content.
If you say ff u for example your account will be banned for one week.
And you have only 1 percent chance of even typing ff u!
You cant even say stuped.
hell.
There a some scammer you got to look out.
Don't make the same mistake I did.
This is not a good game for kids, preteens.
While there is alot of " innocent" games and conversations going on ...but on the flip side alot of adult content , sexting , pressing to "date", drama, gossip .
It's not good.
I was stunned with the conversations I found.
Those parents that say "DONT PLAY THIS BAD OR DISGUSTING GAME" they are just over exaggerating.
Avoid people like online daters.
And if your bullied just leave the game and play in a different server.
there was so much bad games and indecensy so i let my child play somthing less demonic like Gta 5
I mean roblox isnt really that bad of a game BUT it does encourage kids to spend their money that they worked hard for to be spent on littarally nothing
The majority of player's are good and kind but you will encounter rude people trying to bypass the chat filter in game's such as

Meepcity
Arsenal
Phantom Forces
ETC.
I'd say a majority of the game's on roblox has too much violence but most of them dont have blood and instead of a falling corpse,it looks like a cartoon falling flat.
Well, there is swearing, violence such as shooting and, bad stuff in it (nsfw).
I have had three accounts that I have lost two accounts because I log out to get the accounts I lost it didn't work when I try to sign back into the account I was already on I had my everything written down and it says discount does not exist I tried for 2 hours to get back into my account and it wouldn't work this app just called me out of my greatest accounts
Now I've seen reviews that people children have bought robux without their parent permissions, do not blame roblox, it's their parent's fault for leaving children with the option to buy stuff with real money and children are young and they don't think about that, put a pin on your credit card people!
Be warned that the moderation is not the best (in terms of false bans and appeals process), you may find your account terminated or warned or temporarily banned for doing something you didn't know was against the ToS or rules.
Most of the games don't have gun/killing.
It is a shooter which doesn't even have blood.
Words like f**k get tagged out like this: "####"
I love this game.
Apparently she fell for a "Free Robux" scam a few days ago.
We contacted roblox support and they haven't responded.
I knew someone i grew up friends with that would play this game all the time when he was 18 and 19 he left his account logged into my pc and i saw all his messages with 20+ underage children and it was disgusting thousands of people use this game to get access to kids.
Roblox game developers exploit children by profiting off the games the child makes while giving almost nothing back to them.
They steal money through their stock market encouraging children to gamble and have known pedophiles grooming children on their platform.
Additionally lead social media manager runs open pornography blogs and public nudity photos.
This game has adults wanting to prey on your children monitor closely or do not let them play.
Far too often games will be ruined by people trying to get a rise out of players, and when that fails they'll resort to racist, sexist, or discriminatory language by undermining the quite frankly laughable moderation system by altering their text or sending several messages.
The final straw was my son's spell-check correcting Rozit (a Roleplay name), to 'Racist' which the system flagged as discriminatory despite him being in the game for 2 minutes and nothing else being said even remotely offensive.
Why bother with a game the creators don't bother with?
Violence:
There are games with violence, but it doesn’t even look real.
When the characters die they fall apart like LEGO’s.
Most of the weird videos you find online about Roblox characters being sexual or sexual games on Roblox are staged and are for clout.
If there are weird games, they are private and made by weirdos and only people invited by links through social media can join them.
They always get reported and taken down within an hour or so.
Voice chat is generally safe, when someone tries to cuss it gets bleeped out, and if you get bleeped out to many times you get a 24 hour ban.
They have a detector to see if the ID is real or not, and it will ban you if it’s fake, and you’d have to appeal.
If your kid spends robux without permission, or you aren’t pleased with your purchase, sometimes you can get a refund.
Bullying:
If your kid can handle being called a “noob” (this is a word the kids use to make fun of each other on the app, basically calling them a new player) or if they can handle being called stinky then they will be fine.
If your child last account is rated above 13, they might be called dumb, but that’s about it.
Expect a little bit of bad language.
I really do think some parents are very over dramatic about Roblox, most of those parents let their 5 year old play without any restrictions and the child plays police officer role play games and sees their character die.
It’s a much better alternative then Fortnite or Minecraft where you can chat freely and use voice chat, which leads to much worse then a little bit of childish fights.
Every game single game these days has complaints from parents about safety, well that’s the internet.
There are way too many violence and innapropaiate games even in the front page, and Roblox is 10+.
There are fps games with blood and injury detail, which Roblox pretends to not notice.
I see a lot of people who harrass people by gender and hating on LGBT.
It's really unacceptable.
There are games which refrence crime like Jailbreak, and games featuring Squid Game, which is obviously not suitable either.
That only scratches the surface of why Roblox is not safe enough.
In some games there are some stabbing/killing and very mild blood but it’s all cartoonish so nothing gets to over the top.
As for language there’s mild name calling (« Stupid » « ass ») but no real swear words because ROBLOX blocks it.
There’s tons of consumerism as in each game you log in there’s a box that pops up to buy robux.
They can easily get hacked.
Roblox only cares about money.
When I tried requesting for a refund because I decided that I didn't want the Robux that I just bought, my account immediately got banned.
I HAVE A 10 YEAR OLD SON AND WHEN HE CREATED HIS ACCOUNT HE DIED AND THEN MY 6 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER GOT CANCER OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG

Actually Roblox is a great game and if you disagree u can hate on me Facebook moms I bet u spend more time on facebook than ur kid does on roblox.
This is not good she is all softie now and she learnt from Roblox
She's a psycho don't dowload
There are games with guns that we don’t play because we don’t want our daughter to think of guns as fun.
But this week, they ventured into some roblox games, which really traumatized them.
We missed scrolling down and seeing the scary label too.
Half way into a seemingly kids friendly game, my boy had a kidnapper grab him and killed him.
He started sobbing hysterically after he was killed in the game.
It was as though he was living through a real kidnapping.
He told me that he ran and hid, but there was no escape .
I realized there is a satanic element in some of the games.
My daughter was crying before bed time tonight and it’s her turn to be traumatized by a roblox game.
She said she was fearful of a roblox character.
Danger lurks when they start playing that next game.
Roblox does not prioritize kids' safety.
They took down their on-site forums so now kids have to go off site to coordinate with each other to make successful games.
And how they say ‘Not safe for children!’ Well they are to a certain extent right but also wrong.
And they are strict on there censorship system.
There are a few dangers.
Games on it (especially for mobile users) can be either low quality or laggy or buggy as a result of your device going into an overload.
But there are Toxic people in this game nowadays and the moderation is bad.
i think the game is really not so good and its should be 18+ because the kids eats plastic and its not ECO so the game shozld get banned
She had lots of pets and got given roblox money for her birthday but they cancelled her account and gave us no explanation and she lost everything.
She was devastated.
Very disappointing that they cannot help and understand the challenges children face when they play this game.
If they have a game aimed children then they should be more understanding of the challenges parents face when their kids play this highly addictive  game.
This company is only out for your money!!
I, "New Zealand" Is Angry!
"Roblox" Has Too Much Anti-Maori Stuff
I have been generally supportive of Roblox but when I read that a third party company owned by China was handling kids data (My fourteen year old was required to submit identity card) I was unhappy and still am.
one day I was clearly on a vacation and my child said(can I get roblox,its free)And i saied(sure,its frindly)but then 7 days later I get notacationed and it said (banned for aimbot activity)and I say the f word,its not for kids for voilnice I SAW!it was disgusting,so I decided I play instead of my child.please play if your 17+.
Lots of people are unhappy about this but I understand.
Next time just do like 1 million people at a time because now when roblox is back up it might crash again when 48.1 million people are logging in!
I think that Roblox is a horrible game because of how many technical difficulties they have with their servers.
They are always down or having issues to the point where you can not join any games for long periods of time.
The games themselves are very slow and people within the games promote so much violence it is harmful to the innocent children that are on this platform.
Many of the players bully other players and have inappropriate usernames that promote unspeakable things.
For a community that’s supposed to be mostly under 16, these people are surprisingly toxic.
I join servers to bully bullies, think about it Mark!
Sure it could be worse somehow (although I'm sure that would lead to a lawsuit) but it’s also super scary the amount of kids under 13 I’ve been around who say some fiendish stuff.
Hey hey it’s your kid but im a whole adult and I feel very uncomfortable (THROUGH A SCREEN) sometimes
Roblox is bad because they wont let appeal account deleted open my account .
kid can swearing and don't matter
Instead of being safe while playing Adopt Me I have been picked up by someone posing as a child and taken to their private house location.
There are multiple games on the Roblox platform that take advantage of children.
They make it difficult for the children to convert what they are actually spending to real dollars because they are not skilled at math and the robux values do not equate to real dollars.
The reporting system is weak and the moderators are useless to nonexistent.
I’ve reported people for harassment and included screenshots  and the reports go nowhere and the harassment continues.
If you complain for yourself or child it is just as likely you would be the one penalized so they do not get bad press.
I have no idea how Roblox considers this okay.
My daughters friend plays it and I won’t allow mine in that game or Adopt Me.
They are full of adult pedophiles.
I do not see the point in having this as an option to 13 yr olds if they are not trying to sexualize them for profit.
Also, the private message system allows children to have “cyber sex” and I was in a panic one day when two people were talking about going “private” to do that and I was just glad to close the program quickly.
The private message system cannot be monitored.
They also get around the chat filter all the time for swearing, bullying and sexual behavior by using numbers and spaces in the words.
This is not a healthy environment.
The game is ok my son said his friends played it but then he came to me and said “the game said it was for kids around the age of 6 and up it looks like a 2 year old lego game.” I checked it out and the moderation was bad.
So  just don’t let your kids play this.
The community is toxic and also the company manipulates many young kids by saying they can make a roblox game and become successful but you have to put hundreds of dollar into advertising your game.
sorry about my grammar im typing fast.
The damn game is full of rude people.
The game would be good for a young kid with autism but it would not help them.
Don't let them download it its way to laggy and can make your child break the computer.
Now it is a nuther wast of time to me.
It makes no sense to even get it when the grafices  TEARRIBLE.
And it takes to long to lode, and freezes hafe the time.
Just delete it.
Yeah you can make your own games and make friends but your kid can get bullide and then (If you didn't block the chat-box like a dufes) thay get into a FLAME WAR with a nuther person!
Just delete the game Guys/Girls.
PLUS YOUR OR YOUR KIDS PRIVESY IS AT RISK OF LVL100 HACKERS WHO CAN HACK RODBLOX!
JUST DELETE IT!
When reported to Roblox support, they were unable to assist and we requested the matter to be escalated to the fraud department and was told they can't help us as this was already claimed.
Please do not purchase Robux from the Roblox website as their reseller sends out an email with no security controls to protect the digital code.
The major problem is that their whole Roblox account has reset back to square one on both of them at different times.
This has really been a disappointment for them since they spend so much time earning new things on there.
When it resets randomly then they have nothing.
After this they both decided to never play it again.
I would recommend not even bothering with this game.
It’s fun for them but has caused a lot of disappointment and sadness for them.
You can hide behind a screen and be toxic to people which is bad.
There are games known as condo games, which are for 17+, roblox tries to ban these but they get new ones posted which have naked peopel having sex.
Which ever parent says that you can swear on roblox is talking bull shit.
Roblox has a really strict chat system where you can't even say certain words like "Kissing" and your account can even get banned if you try to swear.
"The games are promoting sexual/adult stuff"

No, They are not.
If a roblox game has sex/drugs or other adult stuff Roblox quickly takes them down so nobody can see it.
"It has a lot of violence"

They are just lego's.
If you don't want your child playing with LEGO swords then I don't know what to tell you.
Roblox games with major gore are usually taken down and you will rarely see them.
So I let my 10 year old play you know perfectly normal app probably just for kids yeah yeah but NO!!!!!!
There are people on here trying to make sex roleplays and people scamming children and murder games.
Roblox, FIX THIS NOW!
MY 10 YEAR OLD IS NOT ALLOWED TO SEE SEX!
EVERYONE ON THIS ROBLOX APP IS LIKE 60!
I told her not to play those, but she stopped when she was 4.
Roblox is a game where you have to view the dignity of the human person because you have to know that there is a possibility for predators to be on the website.
bad my  8 year old daughter played it was ok at first until i went on her ipad and saw her getting bullied and playing jailbreak where u escape from prison and steal and others i banned her from the game dont let your children play unless they are 13 and up
I tell her to stay away from some game (more “violent” type games).
There is nowhere to filter the content if you have younger children playing.
Restricting the comments is helpful but there are games that 7 years olds just shouldn't be playing on here.
They make it seem like it's ok for children of all ages, but it's not.
Who cares about violence death blood or whatever!
the game is full of angsty and angry children who fight to make sure your rights in-game are destroyed and ruined, as a clbtgq people I am offended
No not for her eyesight and all but because she always experiences this problem with internet.
Once in the game called islands, she summoned Kor as the second she did, she was kicked out.
This went on for a long time to the point where she would never be able to get diamonds.
A lot of homophobic, hormoned, ignorant, cretin players harass so many players.
The moderation team is too slow or not taking action.
They allow inappropriate content and a lot of illegal stuffs for children.
Agree or disagree, it's aimed for adults over children causing children to turn to rotten people.
This is also an edit, people are pedophiles in this game and would try to seduce my brother for the funs of it.
Manipulating children.
THIS GAME IS BAD DONT PLAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SHE PLAY3D THIS GAME CALLLED JAILBREAK ANFD YOU RIB BANJS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DINT PLAY UNLESS U WAANT UR KID SEEING NUDES111111111111111111111111111!!!!!!
Personally, I a Roblox Game Developer so I am experienced with how roblox deals with inappropriate content.
I never Made inappropriate game on roblox and when a dev make an inappropriate game, it would be removed quickly.Most of the popular games on roblox took months and a long time to gain popularity so if a dev make something inappropriate, it wouldnt be found so easily unless if the kid searches up something inappropriate.
dont make a game on roblox its dumb
my opinion on Roblox is it can most definitely be better like adding voice chat and their reporting for example if I report someone on Roblox for bullying me and causing all they say is "we will take a look" and they never do that is why I never report ppl it is a 1-1000000 chance of them doing something about it and if I report someone for hacking cursing and bullying personal question and ext nothing happens there is a guy out there witch some of you maybe know about he is a scammer he got banned for 2 da
A bunch of parents are saying that they are deleting the game from their kids Ipad or such just because a person bullied them or they had sexual manner with a stranger in a condo game.
But I believe if your child is getting bullied or using sexual manner.
Sometimes I play with her, I realise that in some servers people swear but it is covered with tags like every inappropriate word.
DAVID BASZUCKI NEEDS TO BE ARRESTED AND SENTENCED TO DEATH PENALTY!
my 11 year old son plays roblox then one day I decided to check it out it was I joined a game called brookhaven there was a kid online dating and a kid swearing and gun sounds I think roblox is only ok for 13 and up.
WHY WOULD YOU LET YOUR KID PLAY THIS GAME?
IT HAS A LOT OF IMMATURE KIDS WHO ACT AS "ROGANGSTERS" AND THERE ARE A LOT OF TEENAGERS PICKING ON LITTLE KIDS.
I DO NOT ENCOURAGE THIS GAME FOR ITS SEXUAL CONTENT THAT LAY WITHIN.
my roblox girlfriend left me..When I realized my feelings...things were too late, so addict...Incurable spicy disease, yeah.
This game is not safe for children unless you as a parent remove their chat features so they cannot see in-game chat at all.
Roblox attempts to censor swearing and inappropriate gameplay but will end up with users bypassing this filter.
Examples of such bypassing and reasons why this game is NOT for children are here;
This is what I, in my 4 years of being on roblox have witnessed.
Sending phone numbers, Sharing snapchats, Sending suicide threats, rape threats, where they live, who they live with, how old they are, online dating, getting a "boy/girlfriend", sharing inappropriate images to get an item in a game on Roblox, sharing account details, emails.
It's not as safe as it may seem, if you've been playing long enough, know enough games, there's nothing child-friendly about it.
There are scams that will take your account, games that are heavily adult 18+ sexual games, games that bypass the swearing filter so you can say ANYTHING.
I mean from racial slurs to sexist and homophobic to damn right disturbing.
And some games that are literally the shittest things on this planet, the type of garbage you expect to find in a dollar store!
this whole thing too long didn't read;

Roblox is NOT for children.
But caution...
Cons:
Scammers
"Pay To Win" Games
So-called "Slenders" and "Online Daters"
NSFW Games
i think roblox is god because people drink cocaine and smoking and drinking and smoking weed and encouraging kids to rob the bank when they’re older.
it also has guns, violence, cursing and blood.
Roblox also puts a virus in your computer to show your kids how to stab themselves with knifes.
Roblox tracks your address and sends kidnappers to kidnap your kids.
I got hacked and now I can’t get refund because they giving me helpful tips which they don’t care what happen to your account!
This game is horrible my daughter ended up in tears because of someone called her an idot im deeply offended I almost cried I was so offended my human rights are being violated

(this is a joke im making fun of other people Roblox is actually a great game!)
I went into this ROBLOX game and I saw some kid spamming curse words.
People get hacked.
It pops up with everything with robux which costs money.
Though, there are lots of violent games (e.g.
I ###'# know ### this is #########, but communication is not a concern either.
There are sex games but they get removed fairly quickly.
If your child is young and doesn't understand the concept of sex and can't see the chat they'll probably think it's just another person with no bad intentions.
Language: "Someone has bypassed the filter and said inappropriate words like f--k or b---h!"
If you limit their chat to nobody, it can really limit their communication.
Safety And Privacy: "I spent $100 getting Robux for my child's Roblox accounts only for the account to get hacked/terminated for no reason!!"
"I found a random $200 bill on my bank account for a purchase on Roblox that I did not even make!"
The most simple way to avoid this is just by telling your child not to click on links.
Roblox is quite weird with their moderation sometimes but you can't really do anything about it.
If you have been terminated for a false reason, try to appeal.
c. I've seen a lot of people blame Roblox for random purchases and accused them of "Hacking my bank account, etc" the only one you should blame is your kid AND you.
If you had parental controls this would not happen and don't turn on automatic payments.
And if you believe your kid wouldn't do such a thing trust me, if Roblox had really hacked bank accounts it would be all over the news and there would probably be several lawsuits against Roblox.
Violence: "There's a game called Murder Mystery and it has guns and knives and blood!
If you are worried  about how this will affect your child, just because they saw a game with knives and guns in it, doesn't mean they're gonna grow up with guns and knives too.
And eventually your kid will be exposed to violence, when they grow up they're not gonna watch cartoons or watch movies about fairytales anymore.
Sure there is some bad language in the chat but you can turn off chat in settings.
A lot of violence and Lego blood but it’s just Lego!
First off it bans for no reason.
Second off ppl r rude.
Third off they need to be sued.
THIS GAYME IS FOR TEH POOR!!!1111!
!11 I CALL POLICE NWO 
   BAn THIS s GAME OFF THE INTERNET!!
TOO BAD NOT RECOMENT
TIS VERY BAD GEEMA!!!!!!
I SUE YOU!
The two of them are constantly saying the words: Kill, Murder, and Death while playing the game.
For this reason alone, I think this game is inappropriate for kids less than 13.
It is desensitizing them to these words and themes and even when not playing the game my 12 year old daughter is saying the word murder a lot.
I am not the type of person who cares about swear words and religious censorship, but I was shocked at the level of Murder, Death, Kill that was part of this game.
Parents on this site writing negative reviews are at fault for not doing their research on kids games before letting their kids play them.
You play stupid games by not doing your research, and you win stupid prizes.
Seriously, do better.
Roblox is a family-friendly game, if you die in roblox you will fall apart like lego and if you try to swear it will hashtag (#####).
If someone bullies you in a game in roblox you can always report or block that person.
But the one thing that is a bother is Roblox moderation is terrible.
Also, I've seen so many people complain their kids are meeting predators, and yes, that's bad and what they're failing to do is monitor what they're children are doing.
If you dont wan't to be a helicopter parent, just turn off the chat until they know the dangers fully.
There are inappropriate games like arsenal, kat, and the other gun games.
You also can’t send photos of yourself or tell people personal information, so if you find your online friend creepy you can unfriend them right away and they can’t find out any information about you other than maybe your age and your name.
this person was scammed of their robux they should have gotten today.
This game sucks bad review bad game bad game bad bad bad bad bad
this game is not meant for kids under the age of 10 because it contains bad people lmao like me.
people are also getting drunk in this game dont ask why because i know why.
i met someone in a game and they called me beautiful and i didnt like that.
people should be more nicer and say someone should die and kill themselves.
WHEN I SAW MY TRANSACTIONS I WAS SHOCKED!
HE BOUGHT A 10K ROBUX BUNDLE WITHOUT EVEN ME NOTICING ROBLOX IS DEFINETLY NOT FOR KIDS!
This game is NOT safe for children.
My child spent 1000 dollars on ROBUCKZ and they REFUSE to give me a refund!
And in this game children can TALK to others that is NOT save for children at ALL.
Once i saw someone say "F***"!
And don't get me started on the online daters!!
And ever since my child installed this app they have stopped reading for 10 hours and now they are only reading for 7 hours!!
My 7 year old son was playing roblox yesterday I telled him its time to get off but he said can I play a bit longer I said sure the next thing I know is that he was saying bad words on a game called piggy I said this is not a good app for you and I grounded him for a week.
P.S this piggy game is not for kids it as a wired skin named kamosi its scary it has black goo on its eye with big claws
I used to work for Roblox myself, back in 2005, but i've quit a couple of years ago due to how the staff team treat their players, (and totally not because i've found a better job) .
Too lazy to write more,
Josh Martin Lu Franington III
my son installed the game called "roblos' so I check his ipad and he was play that horror game "piggy" so killed my son for playing that game it comets swearing and he even wachted a youtuber called kreekcraft I UNISTALL the app for 1 year and ground him for 9761 years dont play this game it's for old man
Roblox has slowly started to get aimed more towards teens, with issues such as people bypassing filters, cursing, bad audio files which can be used in games, etc.
Theoretically ROBLOX is a kid friendly website, until you add the bad people.
This sight is full of perverts and to think people are overreacting  you have got to be joking where do you think predators  hang out at people  wake up
The parents that think its only for adults are obsessed about the game!
well, Roblox has a shitty safe chat, because Roblox has OCD (obsessive compulsory disorder) Roblox is a good game but will you let children use the DevForums so they can make rules or ask questions?
Roblox says NO WE DO NOT TOLERATE CHILDREN TO USE DEVFORMUMS!
For example, you are under 13 in Roblox and you wanted to type a word, but then, it's misspelled, so you say it then it comes up with tags like this #########, I say this, you can't also say some slangs in Roblox such as UGC or IRL, that is bad and shitty Roblox!
AND I SAID YES BECAUSE I THOUGHT THE GAME WAS GOOD BUT WHEN I SAW MY SON PLAYING BAD STUFF LIKE THE "STREETS" I BANNED HIM OFF THE COMPUTER AND NOW HES GROUNDED FOR A WEEK PARENTS DO NOT SHOW THIS GAME TO KIDS IT HAS TOO  MUCH VIOLENCE AND SWEARING AND MY SON PLAYED A GAME CALLED "ARSENAL" TOO SO DONT SHOW YOUR KIDS THIS not sorry for caps
my 13 year old kid is playing it and it is disguting THIS GAME IS THE WORST EVER !
if you want a child that can think and solve complex problems  in life then letting a child over 5 play this game is seriously stunting their grey matter and IQ - unless your teaching them how to build maps
my son is 12 years old he has been this game for 3 years, and he seems happy, but all the sudden a guy raped my son ingame.
PEOPLE WErE BEING MEAN TO ME ON ROBLOX!
BAD BAD BAD BAD DOGS!
I AM TAKING AWAY MY DAUGHTERS TABLET BECAUSE BAD GAME DARK!
MY DAUGHTER IS CRYING NOW!
According to the text my YouTube channel named The Pro Spy Of Piggy I was giving robux and one kid begged for 10,000 robux and most likely a lot of people beg for 10,000 robux and there’s a impersonator that was swearing that much without the roblox chat working and there are inappropriate games that has swearing in it and there are games that are inappropriate sometimes you see a exploiter do sexy things and if you see online daters it’s not a you thought it would because on YouTube gamecharlie1 was kidnap
there are some games that I would not let my kids play but there are games like meep city and adopt me so 2+
U SUCK GET A BETTER PLATAFORM  U ##### DAVI BASOOOOKI.
I hate this game Because  there's this game called piggy it's like pepa pig but if it was a game and made by satin.
if you kids play this game ban them from there iPad.
The creator named MiniToon he should be banned and he's author  satin pepa pig  game  Piggy: Intercity (DEMO) that YOU can beat up players and they can die or they say oof in Roblox.
so the games should be banned.
this game almost killed my 9 year old daughter.
and when she took a bath i logged in to see her roblox account, and i saw she has a group of friends and they have demonic avatars and she bought an item named Brollge it is really disturbing so i left it a little bit there you know shes 9 years old she can handle it, and one day she said she got bullied people said to her girls stank.
PLEASE DELETE THIS GAME I SAW SEVERAL PEOPLE THROWING KNIVES IN THIS TERRIBLE GAME CALLED ARSENAL, PEOPLE DRINKING/DOING DRUGS, AND SWEARIING TOO!
I've seen a lot of people saying this game encourages sex and swearing.
No, it doesn't at all those games are very un-popular and will never come on your recommended are in the explore page.
Yes, it does have the violence that can get extremely brutal but again these games aren't as popular and have disclaimers about the blood.
So Roblox is a platform game it has lots of games but some bad games.
and digusting
i let my 10 year old play this game he later got addicted and started to harass his teachers at school he later stabbed his teacher with a pencil after he wanted free robux.
i looked on his account and the only game he played was adopt me i played it for a few minutes and it was terrible it was so inappropriate.
Sorry for any grammar or spelling errors, I do not know much english.
I think that not the entire platform is terrible, just some part of the community that makes it look bad today.
I’ve seen my kids get harassed online what seems like many times.
Deaths are just your character’s body parts dismembering.
Some bad stuff i have seen from roblox is that people can make and use bypassed/inappropriate audios, models and decals (images) by going to the library section of roblox, which has all the decals, audios and models and can either get one and add it to their games or use them in games made by others if possible, or create them ( i don’t know how).
And that Roblox’s moderation is not really that neat and offensive or rude phrases, slurs or cuss words can be bypassed by replacing some letters with numbers or symbols, or with another letter that would make the word sound the same as it’s original way of being spelled.
Inappropriate sentences, phrases or words can be sensored with the “#” symbol.
Another thing i heard is that scam bots, or roblox accounts that are made for spamming can post links onto comment sections of items or into chats.
And those links can lead to scam sites or websites that can grab your personal information.
These ads can trick players, especially small children, into clicking links and possibly falling for scams or getting personal info stolen.
Not everything will be safe.
It’s just that not everything will go well on the platform, and not everything is appropriate although the platform is 
meant to be child-friendly.
Literally same as my last minecraft review but censored swear words also bad languages.
Under no circumstances would I allow mine to just play this without some form of supervision.
Violence - Not only that there are guns available, but that other kids of all ages can, and do, bully children by coming to their homes, forcing themselves in, "killing" their characters in home invasions, stealing from them, attacking them while on the road and taking their cars, etc.
While this may not seem like a big deal to adults, this can be to young children who are bombarded by groups of kids who come in gangs to their homes.
There are also games in the roblox community specially formatted for the LBGTQ communities, etc and also very violent games.
These games are NOT age rated in any way.
There are also religious games, and although Christian games are few, there are a few calling themselves demonic etc.
Clothing - There is some clothing which may not seem appropriate for young children.
Bullying - While I addressed this briefly in #1, violence, it's important to note that this also happens among other children bullying each other (girls - girls, etc).
Above all, they should be told to never give out any private information.
lets get to the point
-Roblox filter is soo good it is bad to the point where it even censors everyday words like "hi , k , nice" and numbers are a no go if ur child in under 13 and it is possible to disable all social aspects of roblox ( why?!)
-The games want robux not roblox it self so just say no if your child wants robux
-near impossible to be bullied ( block them )
- your child wont be scarred for life by someone saying "noob"
- schools have alot more bullying and swearing but you send them the teachers also punish the kid if they stand up for themselves and let the bully go scott free
-violcence is just falling apart and cartoony stuff 
-watch a few roblox youtubers at you will see ( konekokitten, Kreekcraft, Flamingo ( best oone) , jesse ga
robux are cheep.
I was pretty surprised and asked what's wrong.
She said that she got scammed for a "Ride Turtle".
it's a terrible game.
It is full of violence.
It's honestly disgusting.
I regret giving my kid permission to play Roblox.
I hope nobody else goes through what I and my kid did.
If your kid plays a lot of video games, I would not recommend it.
But the thing is there are some killing games.
this game gives your child imagination and to all the parents that hate Roblox just because of a single game you can just not let them play the game and not make them stop playing Roblox.
Chat filter works too good,they even block numbers sometimes,you cant give out personal information,there are some disgusting sexually explicit games but your child can only find them if you let them use other websites like youtube,if you find a bully just block them and stop caring what the bully thinks,this goes to all cyberbulling,Watch out for some games like Murder Mystery 2 or Phantom forces or any game with blood,i reccomend children under 10 to  be monitored or turn on  account restricions
I thought it was a video game with AI's and my own 8 year old lied to me so that I would download Roblox on his iPad.
I told him no because I didn't want to buy anything related to Roblox.
then 10 minutes later my 14 year old Daughter came in and said that my 8 year old son stole my credit Card to buy 100000 Robux.
My 14 year old daughter told me that it costed 1000 dollars.
I was very shocked that my own 8 year old son spent that much money for one game.
I went to my 8 year old son and took the iPad away from him and told him not to spend that much money on a game and spend my money without my permission.
My own 8 year old son took little weight lifting  and threw it at me.
dont believe those other posts by people saying its a bad game just play it for yourself and  try out games like brickbattle or the underground war.
Every now and then a inappropriate game will get passed by ROBLOX moderation, by accident.
My daughter was severely bullied since she was 7.
THIS GAME RUIN MY CHILD'S LIFE.
THERE ARE GUN SHOTS AND FIRE EVERYWHERE.
KILLING AND CRIMINAL IS EVERYWHERE TOO.
THERE ARE ROBUX SCAMS FOR KIDS.
DON'T EVEN TRY THIS GAME!!!
I ALREADY REPORT THIS GAME!
EVERYONE SAY TAGS AND STUFF THOSE ARE ALL SWEARS!YOU NEED TO ENTER YOU BIRTHDAY TO PLAY THIS GAME!
Theres toxic people then a hacker killed them
The other day i saw that my itunes balance was 0 when i tried purchasing a spotify premium.
I WAS SHOCKED TO SEE MY DAUGHTER LYING TO ME, the customer service told me that a bundle of 10,000 ROBUX was spend a few weeks ago ALONG WITH A ONE MONTH SUBSCRIPTION FOR A WAYV TICKET?!
There are iffy games on there such as murder mistery 2, piggy, and phantom forces.
Even with imposing time restrictions, it sucked the joy out of their lives as they would mope around until they could get back on their iPads to play it.
Other games have not been so detrimental to their mental health as this.
This is not healthy for them.
Once I made the decision to delete it, after some crying and moaning for a couple of days, they became ‘children’ again.
The game was really cool but also had some pretty rude people.
There Are Guns Violence And Curse Words (if you think your kids swear in school theres people dropping fucks all over the place and they probably swear too) You Can Play Games Where You Can Escape Prison And Rob Things You Can Cosplay As Girlfriend Boyfriend And Sex Alcohol Like Beers And Moonshine
ROBLOX IS SO BAD MY 68 YEAR OLD CHILD PLAYED THIS AND GOT HSCKED THIS NOT GOOD APP DELETEEE NOWWEWWWWWWWWWW!!!
There are some violent games.
If you do not want your child to play the violent games, you can go to settings and make it so your child can’t play the violent games.
My kid littery was cursing and he has a real life girlfrend now so THEY SHOULD DELETE THIS GAME NOW
He bought a pair of pants but never received them.
When support was contacted they stated: Too bad for you.
Really disappointing ... shattered my child’s faith in gaming.
This game is bad do not download because the online dtares are evil
Also there violent games like piggy, jailbreak, mad city, murder mystery 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 14 and royale high
This game is no bueno
I asked him what he was doing, and he immediately closed Roblox and told me he was doing "nothing."
This is absolutely disgusting, and this really should not be directed towards kids, but I would say otherwise it's decent.
Just in case though, don't expose this to your younger children, or those who haven't been educated on sex yet, unless you can .
The characters look unrealistic and blocky, so don't worry a huge amount, but still be careful.
I saw my young son Liu yangyang play roblox and his avatar was a disgrace it was a blocky lego but it got too depresed from doing homework and then he was playing this one game called piggy which involves a bighead pig with a bat then he played this game called brookhaven which had GUNS!!
I took away his netindo switch and didnt buy him pop tarts
this game ruined my sons oof life he died of LIGMA
But, what seems to be the problem?
(It's mostly copy and paste and slenders says that) Anyways, sometimes it can get a little violence not too much violence like the roblox game piggy..
However, you might get into those things a lot so you may wanna be careful and also (Last one) Many horrible sex games on Roblox is drinking, smoking and drugs.
Don't LET your kid play that game because as soon as they grow up they'll be doing bad stuff plus DRUGS and they'll be going to jail if they SELL drugs!
I WAS PLAYING JAILBREAK WHEN A CRIMINAL IN THAT GAM WAS SHOOTING ME FOR NO REASON I WAS TRYING TO GET 16K PLS FIX THIS 
AND THE GAME ALWAYS MAKING SMALL UPDATES

-TAYMASTER
Roblox must be banned for children.
It’s not gaming platform but paradise for scammers.
Scammers are never punished and victims are never supported by Roblox team.
It’s real robbery that must be banned.
Complains about scams are useless because Roblox is surprisingly will always be on scammers’ side.
Some games on Roblox are just too similar to casinos and if you don’t want your child to became a gambler and loose his money never let him play Roblox.
so my kid  died inn roblox oh hi kreek!
Recently my son got scammed by Roblox's own system, by a glitch known as a UUC scam.
$600 down the drain, full of hackers and scammers, terrible security, and terrible service, Roblox support is unhelpful and offer poor support.
m-m-my sonny Thomas is so mean h-h-he refused to help me with the chores now h-h-he always plays roblox and never try to get e-e-education from his school.
I got a call last w-w-week from his physics teacher saying that thomas d-d-doesnt know how a s-s-strom is formed in the sky.
I wrote a l-l-letter and send it to roblox b-b-but they said they d-d-dont handle these kinds of situation.
That s-s-song is so satanic and demonic and im s-s-sure roblox has to do something with i-i-it.
Now does this game have blood and death?
Roblox does not have blood in most games, however your character can die.
Now I will say this, Roblox can have pay to win aspects, s&x, bypassing and privacy concerns, you can disable the chat feature to prevent this.
There is quite a lot of consumerism.
I was playing the mimic with jeno i smashed my keyboard because I saw a voodoo doll of krekk.
My adopted child playes roblox and he plays nicki minaj cart ride but the music was so disgusting in game.
Roblox please fix the audio issues because as I a mom of 5 dont want to lose my children to become roblox addicts
What a demonic and saitanic game.
Its all roblox staff and roblox itself's fault?
Roblox is a awful crappy game and a ripoff.
170 dollars for a stupid face?
Seriously a huge big ripoff and don’t ever buy.also a privacy concern Minecraft has a lot of privacy with the single player.
Roblox doesn’t have which make it a huge concern with privacy.
Roblox my girl friend jeffry from nct is lost.
My son asked me if he could download this game called Roblox on his Phone...So I let him..I made a big mistake I found out he was playing horror game like SPECTER which has demons ghosts and they can come out of your screen and kill you and eat you alive then the next day I bought him robux and he made a inappropriate avatar what had a DEMON in his back and he has a DEVIL FORK and he was swearing on this game called life in pardies and was online dating and had a girlfriend I know let him play GTA5 what is 
I went just to monitor my daughters screen and i saw someone spamming in the chat.
The lyrics were so bad and it was making my daughter's ears go deaf.
I reccomend you not to play brookhaven again..
my 6 year old daughter was playing this game called roblox and when i took her ipad i joined game i saw people doing 18+ things thi is not kids game!!
The thing that was bugging me was his deep-presed outfit,It was ALL black with a white face that looks like a decomposed body.
My son is a littreal sunshine and roblox is trying to make that not happen.
I LET LIU YANGYANG TO HAND OVER THAT LAPTOP ASAP AND I TOOK IT AND SMASH THAT LAPTOP TO A MILLION PIECES AND I NEVER LET MY SON TO PLAY THAT GAME EVER.
Most news channels target roblox for its part of the community that wants to ruin roblox, hackers, online daters, and the people who use blacklisted words as a loophole.
And yes, im afraid that the younger audiences would see this and copy them outside the roblox world, but thats where the report button comes in and saves the day.
So this is An update but my is year old was playing piggy when somebody in the chat revealed his name and I was horrified so I contacted staff but they did Nothing like cmon why your staff got to be so toxic and now my child no longer access to roblox and now I’m going to the Roblox HQ
This is EXTORTION.
I thought it was good at first, but then after I saw him play games where you throw knives at other people and shoot policemen, I grabbed his ipad and deleted the game!
I asked to speak to their manager about those horrific games, but customer service did NOTHING!
This game is too violently inappropriate for kids!
Hello you all suck my dad poops on me so hes and now i lost hair please laught dont he said exist and i said no i wont do exist i do exit plz dont laugh i knowi"... you would exsist also i play al fnaf games all night everynight sometimes stay up till 12:AM but also i get hit with cookie if i lose fnaf plz dont kill me but im funny and i play fnaf at school and im not playing fnaf 4 it too scary also i am number 1 om speedrun on fnaf.
DONT SHOW THIS TO YOUR KIDS
My dog died.
But Roblox never gives people to buy gift cards except for the USA and Canada!
Almost it never got hacked, the most important thing is violent games, scammers, and hackers.
So I know a few of the games that will be hacked quite often.
DO NOT play Adopt Me.
Jailbreak always somehow has glitches in it, mostly gets patched in 3 or 2 days.
Okay, so some parents think this is inappropriate.
It’s a kids game, and people figured out how to bypass.
I downloaded it for him and he plays disgusting games.
There is prison break, guns, knives, robbing banks, and communism.
This is innapropriate.
These are still ok, but this made me very angry.
And when my son chats in Roblox, I saw he selling cars in a game called Anomic, he can't spell numbers 123 became ###.
Roblox is abusing us and blocking us from chatting.
Now I am letting him banned in Roblox forever except when he grows 15.
Some games on the platform are violent and some role-play.
They require a curated email, why I just want to give support on it ( support is terrible on roblox) to make jazwares website work so we can see the toys but no, we get “ not available “, they want us to spend money on toys to see the collectors check list to see if there’s even anything good.
And inside the game it’s too much inappropriate content
This game is pretty much family friendly, but people people scam other players for example someone will change their name to “poor please give me free pets  ,” and then someone will  give them a free pet even though they aren’t poor.
I’ve also heard people claiming that their child was being “stalked”?Wtf your child is not being stalked on roblox, or any other game.
Maybe google the definition of stalking before you say that.
Also roblox censors everything inappropriate.
Occasionally, there will be people who bypass the in built filter, which prevents swearing or sm*t , but that happens rarely, and  if it does happen the chances of your kid getting such a game recommended are pretty low, because if the roblox moderators find such a game, it would be deleted in a jiffy.
The only problem is scamming, because there are a lot of scammers in this platform.
This means that the chances of your kid's account getting stolen are high.
which would make them extremely sad.
So I think children should be given a lesson to trust no one and should be emotionally strong to play on this platform.
no degenerates allowed BD
I, personally think that you should allow your children to play it, because most parent reviews are harsh and  the parents haven't even given the game a chance- or even tried playing it for themselves.
Their reviews are very inaccurate  and misleading.
this took my children college funds to spend on robux alas they are not edible as they are online currency so we are starving for 3 month but my kiddies still play fornite simulator they buy many pets i wish we could eat one im currently smelling some cheese
BUYER BEWARE – if you buy robux in the popular game Roblox and there is a glitch in the game, the money fails to load, you get scammed or you just log in your account and the money happened to disappear, Roblox WILL NOT refund you for any situation or circumstance that you may have.
I believe they have glitches on purpose, so that you will have to buy even more robux from them.
PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!
So first, online dating can never go THAT far, as when things go as far as that, the moderators ban NSFW clothes, games, etc.
Exploiters don't do anything bad.
They can't hack your child's account right off the bat.
There is a filter on swearing and numbers.
All you have to do is block them

Trolling and bullying does exist, just like in real life.
don't let some shitbags to ruin your view of the game.
but those aren't the only ones out there smh.
And yes, I understand that there is currency, but you have to teach your child that it is not necessary to enjoy the game, and it's a waste of money, and brings no help at all.
i hate how influencers try and give stuff ourt like kreekkraft dont download alot of porn i have let my local news know so ima tell mah manager
If your like a parent that doesn't let their kid play anything because their
Is online chat just disable it in the settings and then their chat is completely gone.
Its safe unless your kids go to the "darkside" of ROBLOX which has some pretty bad stuff but I'm pretty sure they will get removed soon.
Yes, there are hackers sometimes but they get banned before something bad happens, also there is a currency called robux which is for passes in games and things that you can customize your avatar with.
I think it is a good game but some of them are  violent
There were bots sending links, and people with inappropriate avatars.
As well as that, the purpose of the game was to run around with a knife stabbing others, or to run from the killer.
Also a lot of the time if people are being mean to you most of the time other player will stand up for you.
but its really bad in the way of killing but its fun like in playing obbys and more
My child was palying this game and was palying this DEMONIC peppa pig game and I almost died of how sacry it was.
I just ca't believe how gross this is.
My gosh where do I begin.
now he is stupid and dead of how traumatized he got forkm that peppa game thing.
JUST DONT LET YOUR CHILD PALY THIS PLEASE.
shotaro's laptop got burned by covid-19 virus in roblox shotaro's mom is screaming: shotaro osaki why our house is on fire!
My son benten AKA chittaphon leechayiapornkul was arrested for refunding 10 million robux and fined 5000 cents and send to juvinile jail.
roblox is trying to harm my chlid as me living as half japanese half anime and half attack on titan i read my oath that my son chittaphon doesnt go to jail for sum stupid ruobox.
There is so many vague people there.
And he died to days later.
THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS ENGLISH.
The next day he killed he teacher and died
A lot of the reviews on this site say 18+, but that's a huge exaggeration.
There are also reviews saying that the devs don't read player reports.
But from that moment on, I realized I had made the wrong decision.
HUGE no- no in our house.
Secondly, I was just really mad.
So, what I ended up doing was that I confiscated all the Ipads -I took all the games that had any potential online chatting in them.
The Ipads are completely gone.
I'm just- so against that.
I feel like it's such a mess to play any type of game where you can chat with other people.
It just- makes me mad that they even have those types of games for people to download- let alone children.
Anyway, that's why I'm trying not to have my little girls use their Ipads at all because I feel like it is not necessarily a safe thing to play with all the time.
This is not an app I recommend.
Wow parents stop being so stupid with the bad reviews parents are stupid Roblox is a Kids game  so stop being so dumb like Karens just look at this game in disgust like  roblox is a fun game you just dont understand like all the others kids do  i play it and make games roblox is for Kids theres no online dating its Just RolePlay like parents freak out when they see a so called child predator   take off they cloths and do the grownup thing to make babies when its  A  ROLEPLAY LIKE PARENTS BE SMART   and know
If you child understands what a scam is and stays in games with 50+ players your child should be fine.
Another “use” for Robux is to get children to do things that they don’t want to do for instance trade or sell their most valuable item or friend them or get personal information.
SUMMARY 
So I cannot stress enough please be aware of what your kid(s) are viewing or doing on Roblox but not to say that there a lot of bad things in Roblox just be careful by the way this whole review was written by a 12 year old
Take care and be safe!
My 9 year old son's toon was hacked and stolen.
He was devastated and customer service is asking for an iTunes purchase.
Being my son is 9, we've never used anything but gift cards for this game, and we've spent way too much.
If I would have known how ridiculous it is to try to retrieve an account that he's had since 2017, never would have bothered.
Now they've lost customers that don't hacked and spend money on the game.
Shame.
THE MOCAP ANIMATIONS ALLOWS YOUR CHILDREN TO DO INNAPROPRIATE THINGS WITH STRANGERS.
I AM DISSAPOINTED.
THE CEO OF ROBLOX DID INNAPROPRIATE THINGS TO MY CHILD.
I would not recommend this for children under 13 though.
There are many bullies in the game that will try to make your child feel bad, make sure to teach your child to ignore them!
Anybody who leaves a bad review has most likely never played it before.
2 brookville kids roleplay sex and some pirverts try to make other people furries (perverts that dress up in fur suits).
Also people will commonally bypass the filter to say hell, ---t, **c*, etc.
Ok, I have read reviews of other parents, and their reviews can only be described in one word: STUPID.
I mean, why bother to complain about the game when there are literally parental controls.
Like seriously it seems like they were made by morons that don't know how to spell or made by 5-year-old kids.
seriously if you don't want your kid to play this game, just tell them to stop playing it, you bunch of idiots.
And other parents say to have their kids play GTA instead of Roblox which I don't think is a good idea.
And if their scores are dropping set a goal and only let them play if they have reached this goal for heaven's sake.
I am more concerned about the parent's spelling than my kids playing Roblox.
IF YOU DO NOT WANT YOUR CHILD USING CHAT THEN SIMPLY CLOSE THE CHAT STOP BEING SO OVERPROSECTIVEEEEE
ITS SO BAD THERE IS A SEX GAME AND STRIP CLUB AND WEED AND EVERYTHING ILLEGAL AND ACOUNT HACKERS AND COOKIE LOGGERS AND WHITE PEOPLE THEY BULY MY SON FOR NO RESON AM SUE THEN AND MAKE SURE THEY PAY MY SON DIED SO PAY HERE FOR RESPECT @julian12
They are addicted and will do anything to play it.
There are games like Jailbreak where you rob banks and I don't think that should be on Roblox.
Below is my lengthy explanation on how Roblox works...

Roblox is NOT a game.
Unfortunately, the only way to create a game is to do it on a PC, because the game creator "Roblox Studio" is a bit too much for mobile devices.
All the games on Roblox are made by real people, and although Roblox tries hard to moderate their platform, there will obviously be some dodgy games made by some dodgy people.
Of course, Roblox can't prevent this as most of the games on the platform are created by others.
Parent should be aware that Roblox has massive buy bait included in it.
Much like fortnite its aimed at kids that need to impress their friends.
I was utterly disgusted that a person can create a game so popular and then goes on to seemingly insist on buying in-game upgrades (subtly) in order to proceed.
I honestly think there is a lot of hook and con going on with this game.
My kid suffered frustration week on week and had already spent £30 of his pocket money trying to get the only character but didnt get the one he wanted.
Roblox isnt doing a good job of this at all.
Its part of a wider problem of baiting kids to spend money on meaningless purchases.
What makes me sick about this tower defence game is that its popular that is not being regulated and is likely feeding some guy on yacht somewhere.
Laughing all the way to the bank because of people like me who grant their kids pocket money only to be spent on crap.
I have banned this game.
I dont think its morally right that my kid is a constant victim of scams.
Its just exploitation of children and its massively wrong on so many levels.
When you approach your child wanting to play this game be aware that it promotes/enforces addictive in-game purchases (as above) and in latest news doesnt have enough controls to prevent some really dark crimes.
Im very sickened by my childs desire to buy buy buy just to get to level 2.
Disgusting and Roblux needs to sort this out.
It has a lot of drugs and all kid shall play and have some slays
If theres a game that has sexual content just know that its not made by ROBLOX, It is made by the "Community" So instead of blaming it on ROBLOX blame it on the community.
If a player swears at your child or bullies your child just use the report feature.
ROBLOX does take down games that are not family friendly.
You're scared that your child will give out personal info.
Like your child is not going to spam your IP address.
The worst your child can do is say there name or age, if that's a little too much for you just tell them to not say anything about yourself and just play the game.
So please, Don't blame ROBLOX.
one of the best and most safe game out there u might be like roblox aint safe well THEN DONT TALK TO ME lol so its safe u might be concerned for ur  child but con games are impossible to find and roblox takes them away very fast in few hours ur KID WONT FIND A CON GAME UNLESS HIS BEIN SEARCHING HOURS FOR ONE  so just tell them not to and they shouldnt ppl saying bad stuff go to settings and block chat someone bothering u block or ignore them
later that day they ask for ROBUX i dont no what it is.
it is stupid and kids cant use the controlls they are too hard.
i screamd and banned the whole street we live in from ROBLOX.
also my girl threw her ipad becuse of lag and haters.
no play again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I WANT MY KIDS BANNED FROM THIS GAME AND MY MONEY RETURNED!
sure there is some mild swearing but it is blocked if you are under 13. there are some games that have blood and jumpscares but the blood is very bright and blocky.
there are some games that are to inappropriate for kids like boys and girls hangout.
My son was banned for having an inappropriate username which was MannySimp2011... his nickname is Manny and our last name Simpson and he’s been playing for a year or so... when I asked them for an explanation for the ban they said they had to reset it because it’s inappropriate and they allowed him back on with a new username... but if I want to change the new name (Reset and then a bunch of numbers) it would cost me an extra $20... doesn’t matter that he’s already spent $$$ on the game... please explain to
I’m in my 30s and I can not understand... absolutely ridiculous
For a site that solicits money, they do a lousy job at keeping hackers and bullies out of their site.
Any game site that collects money via supermarket gift cards should have an obligation to help children when they are hacked due to lousy programing and administration and restore their progress lost during the game and if they do not see that the game(s) are updated to fix this then they should shut them down.
But when you are a money grubbing org like Roblox, that does not happen.
I wouldn't be worried about innaprpriate dialoge due to the fact that roblox tags out all sus communication, were things like: "I'm 12 years old" look like: "## ## ##### ###" If you feel too tight with your kid than you can put on a filter that doesn't allow them to talk to other players or say anything themselves
i am a parent and i use dis program to delete my enemys by BLOCKING them AND BLOWING THEM UP in a very violent games so they WILL FEEEEEL PAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIN

so perfect
Roblox is full of satanic propaganda and games that encourage murder and violence.
There was also a game where someone was playing inappropriate music full of swear words.
By the time my two youngest were old enough to play it, it had become a place that was unmonitored, and overrun by scary images, avatars simulating sex, sexual language and poorly built games.
After my 9 year old had nightmares involving images she'd seen in a Roblox game, we decided to walk away forever.
This game is damaging to all children and adults and should be banned imminently!
this game is vulnerable to hackers and trolls.
I think roblox should be played every day coz everyone enjoys it, it’s just the Karen’s that want to ruin the roblox community which I m against so like if u c this kreek craft sketch bandites TangR or Jymbowslice I suggest we get rid of these Karen’s coz they r very annoying they just want to ruin every game that u could possibly think of like COD , GTA 5 , Fortnite and last but not least ROBLOX community
she showed me the next day and...she was too young to know about s*x so i snatched her tablet and saw her poor innocent cute avatar getting f*cked by a noob boy.
i ran to show my auntie and she immediately deleted tiktok and roblox.
I WOULD LIKE TO SPEAK TO THIS GAMES MANGER ITS CURSED MY SON BOBBY
welleo-f0d ewfdsofejwoqwipo1sdjqwpasw my child decided to throw cqoa0nrionjewjiowiojr2wkwiqkdiqw at people help my child ie9sxjkjowiqwsw this should be 18+ jfidkci9qoow
Let your kids play this game But don't let them play those games with Inappropriate Stuff.
There are some bad games on ROBLOX, but you can just make sure your kid doesn't play them.
My "Child" that I totally have was playing fat minitoon simulator and after my "Child" got off the game they were eaten by Timmeh also Kreekcraft promised my son free robux therefore im suing KreekCraft he has to give me 15 million dollars by 2/1/2021
Hi,
Adalyn and my 7 year *Thinks about most common names* um Bob
I can’t say anything bad but some issues.........  first issues is there to inappropriate things there in Roblox but Roblox takes care in it by sensoring it but they take to much care means you can’t write numbers like 1 or 2  and my second problem is sexuality in this game like crazy first there is so many sex games and in life in paradise they literally just telling their address to meet irl but happily Roblox sensord the address 3 scammers there so many scammers in the game I know they are scams but it’s
THERE ARE GUNS AND YOU CAN KILL PEOPLE WITH THEM THERES A ROCKET AND YOU CLICK TO SHOOT IT IF IT HITS SOMEBODY THEY DIE AND ALSO YOU CAN EXPLODE A HOUSE THIS GAME IS REALLY BAD DONT PLAY IT
my son,jimmy he had a stroke when playing this game on here called "piggy" its where you get chased why a kiler pig or various animals i dont recomend it.
if your kids will play this game then so be it I saw my 9-year-old log on to this website and I thought it was okay back then but in secret, she would play games that have concepts for adults and some people would say mean things of some times get tagged my kid kept on getting tagged which was weird but I decided to check her Ipad while she was sleeping and I saw her having friends of different strangers I got mad and I even saw the recent games she played they were games like jailbreak (where you get point
Scamming is so very common in AdoptMe and the company absolutely does nothing to help.
My kids’ Robin account was hacked, we were able to reset it showing receipts and prove of ownership, but even with that AdoptMe will not return the stolen pets.
My kids were devastated.
This is actually the second time my kids were scammed.
A few weeks ago someone lied to my son online and sometimes scammed him out of a pet.
He was upset for days and again there was no recourse through AdoptMe.
Enough is enough - I would rather spend my $$ elsewhere.
My child got scared when a pig scared him very hard.
I looked at the games he has been playing and found out that he has been playing another very scary game called Survival the Albert the killer, Just based on the thumbnail I knew it was too scary.
He also had a girlfriend on that TERRIBLE site her name was BettyTheHottie15 she has a small head with a food logo.
Before all of this I gave him robux he bought a very satanic item called the Golden Monstrosity.
I had to take it off of his avatar IMMEIATLEY before demons come out of his computer and take over his body.
I couldn't believe my own son would put himself in this much danger.
There are online daters, violent games, scams, etc.
Roblox does SOMETIMES remove bloody games, but some are still in roblox for some reason.
Therefore, if your child falls for a roblox "Robux" game scam the scammer won't be able to enter their account.
there is sex swears spelled wrong and very bad people and also bullying
i really dont know whats bad in that but my son was addmited to a hospital after that...
One Day I was walking to my son He was Playing  ROBLOX Piggy he got disconnected for the same device launch.
After that I went to his Computer I saw him swearing at the website I saw him banned until friday seven days.
He got banned for swearing I mean come on swearing is common he said he was swearing to nothing.
When he got banned he made a alternate account.
So Do not swear in roblox that much
i you hate roblos :rolling_eyes:
and you thing it's garbch :angry:
and childich :eye::lips::eye::nail_care:
then get off my page :wave: :airplane:
Because
:unamused: are you going to see :eyes: here :point_left:
is
:blush:roblos:star_struck:
gOodBaYe:ok_hand: :heart: :slight_smile:
and if your child is spending your money, why the heck do they know your credit card info!!!!
That's your fault.
Granted your child may be bullied, but this is the internet you cant expect everyone to be nice.
now lets see the final problem is that kids can get addicted.
parental controls can kick your child off the website after a certain amount of time.
The reason i am saying 6 and up is that a 6 year old can see a scam and not give their password and get hacked.
Overall the only problem is that some parents just do not understand tech.
Ik its rude for a 12 year old to tell you how to parent but this is just common sense people!
if you see your kid play bad games, just turn on parental controls!
The website isnt good at all.
Constantly being hacked if you go to free robux games, also the customer service doesnt work at all, condos and more do not play unless monitored.
My 7 your old daughter got scamed and cried about it for 30 minutes.
and on the website there is so much swearing and violence  and to many people asking for personal information and the online daters.
ban this website.
common sense sucks
For people under 13, they will censor "swears" like stupid, idiot, etc.
They also censor numbers.
"swears" like stupid, and idiot are uncensored, but for all players some sentences are blocked like where do you live, or how old are you, etc.
Exploiters do not harm players.
They insert code into any Roblox game and it gives them an unfair advantage over normal players.
Exploiters are generally there to annoy people and you can also report them.
Exploiting is against Roblox's Terms of Service and is terminated quickly.
When your avatar dies, heshe just breaks into pieces.
Inappropriate games that your child plays SHOULD NOT be blamed at roblox, it was you child who searched up for it.
we must defeat/destroy the disgusting slenders so they never exist
there was alot of violence and inppropiate content in this game so i broke Kunpimook Bhuwakul's ipad but he installed roblox on his pc AND xbox so i decided to break those devices to.
till this day Kunpimook Bhuwakul is sad because he cannot play roblox but i told him to play a less violent+ appropiate game like anime themed games!
My kid started playing roblox, once i left my kid alone and came back I WAS SHOCKED he bought  4500 robux for 50 dollars.
should be banned.
do not let your kids play it.
Dont get me started with (felix) and (hyun-jin) they are slaying with that criminal outfits in jailbreak.
today i saw my young son Liu yangyang play roblox and his avatar was a disgrace it was a blocky lego but it got too depressed from doing homework and then he was playing this one game called piggy which involves killing pigs but my son is vegan so he would never kill a pig then i saw him playing a game called MM2 or whatever anyways my son was KILLING people when i asked him why is he killing them he said he earns points and money.
I was *SHOOK* i couldnt even breathe and i even saw that the chat was filled with swear words UNCENSORED ... ROBLOX ALLOWES THESE KIND OF STUFF, id better bring my kid a playstation and let him play halo and pubg rather than this game that involves letting vegans kill pigs and humans for money.
PLEASE BAN ROBLOX FROM TAIWAN AND ALL OVER THE WORLD WE DONT WANT OUR KIDS TO ME MANICAS RIGHT?
If he gets covid, oh well, it what he gets for playing too much roblox and then ending up at school.
One time my son was playing a game called Piggy, and a creepy pig that could stand up attacked him with a baseball bat!
I do not want either of my children to be subjected to anything in this appalling game.
Terrible, and would not recommend to anyone, except for Jacob across the street.
I'm sorry Jane and Marcus, but I refuse to raise my children like that.
roblox its self is fun, got lots of games to play in different categories but some how i cant play anymore bcause my account was taken from me for no reason i was just playing like normally then poof its gone, and due to this i dont like roblox anymore it can burn for all i care, and i seems like i am  not going to get it back at all  whats the point of my making a new account that account had so much data and playtime on it  and i still dont know what i did
I think that all of you, parents, that think that ROBLOX is a violent game... it is not...
Yes, there are some games in roblox with violence but roblox said it is kind of 13+ game so yeah... And also there is bullying but you have the leaderboard and you can block players.
RobLOx is a very bad game because one time i was peaking at my sons tablet and i saw my son doing some very bad stuff he was pretending that he was kissing a girl i ask him what he was doing he said AHHHH in shock i gave him the eyes but then he smash the tablet on the ground and so i went in his account and i saw this starnge hat and also see he has 1millon robux i the later check online and  i was in rage so then i punish him for life
I can’t stress enough how much parents rely on roblox to babysit their children.
Roblox is NOT one and it never has been.
I’ve seen way, WAY worse games like that hotel one or something.
Roblox has put so many barriers in place to make sure their minors are safe.
And if one mistake goes by, the media and parents IMMEDIATELY go for Roblox.
The media only says this for clout and putting news out there.
So if your upset at Roblox, maybe take personal responsibility next time, ay?
There are some shady players, for example ones who try to bypass the chat (I don't normally see those though), or play some really loud and explicit audios (Depends on what game you're playing, and if it allows players to play music).
You can have your children play many games, but there are some shady games including places where you can say anything, and condos.
one of the only bad things is clothes copying or false band, wich do get fixed and can be reported!
lots of people dislike robux,but really its cool too!it maybe a little hard to ask for robux, but NEVER sneak robux, you will be banned if anyone finds out about it.
also, noob is not the worst word in the world it just means newbie (new player) but in a diffrent form, that may sound sightly meaner.
ones i dont reccomend are: Meep city, Bloxburg, Any drawing game,free robux scam games, and any copies of games, (bloxburg, i do reccomend but it will cost 25 robux, so if your new its on the dont reccomend list.)
and the other games i listed indont reccomend have something bad in or about them, be careful!
LIKE WTH IS ROBLOX TRYING TO MAKE A CULT OF WHAT!!!!
MY POOR DAUGHTER IS SUFFERING BECOZ OF ROBLOX!!!!
BEWARE OF THOSE CULTS!!
roblos deserve better treatmant than zhis it needs reputatiaon and respeact.
-ROBLOX IS TRYING TO MESS WITH YOUNG KIDS MINDS AND LETTING THEM DO THE SATANIC AND DEMONIC ACTS.
I really love my son jamie but sometimes he really needs to use his brain because last week he drained my entire credit card and ALSO got it cancelled so  when i asked him why he said he bought some robux.
i was quite angry at him beacuse he wasted 2364$ on roblox.
i contaced roblox staffs and asked them for a refund but still no response.
Then i asked jamie where is the leftover 93.50$ and my dumb son said that he wasted it on some nct albums.
(he will never learn from his mistakes ugh).
He also got bullied for not having any "robox" (whatever that is).
This game is not safe for kids.
she responded with someone swore to her becouse she didnt have "robux" i was really mad at the action someone did on my Daughter.
ODERS ODERS ODERS 
-my son
I played roblox and its bad bad games like piggy because its PIGG 
be vegetarian NOWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SO THER SOMETIN CALLED WININ SMİL AND İT SCARY İT SO UGLİ AND ME DONT LİEK İT SO İTS TOO BAD WORD TOO SWEARING AND SMILE GETS UNDER BED YU AND YOUY HAVE TO HAVEA DINNER WITH A MONKE
Something was different, she kept ignoring me and when I checked her profile, her description was: ''Hippity Hoppity Ikea knocked at my property'' and I immidiently shut down her account and suspended her.
I am never EVER giving her access to Roblox again.
My Child named little Charles so people spam dab and I went SUPER SANE  I made him delete reblex but he reinstalled it and I found out by looking into his Ipad when I found out I YEETED HIM OUT THE WINDOW .
I'll have to admit there are some games like "CONDO" and Meepcity and be very scandalous if you go to the parties,If you really dont trust your kids just put them on restriction mode,wich isnt very good they can play like 5 games out of the whole app.
But... i gave it 4 stars cause my account recently got banned for a false reason for 7 days!
One day, I found him dating a girl from Roblox without my own consent so I grounded him for a week.
so next time he wouldn't be doing bad stuff online.
(Total Price= $219) Not only that, but he started to talk back to me, he got suspended from school with his friends because they were playing Roblox on the School computer during school hours.
Here are the games that are bad or just okay:
Jailbreak/Mad City (features crime but okay for over 10+)
Adopt Me/Meep City (Oders and dating)
The Streets 2 (Gang Related)
Phantom Forces 2/ MM2/ Arsenal (A little bit of violence and guns)
Condo Games (The worst of all of them.
Do not bother allowing your kids to access this game site.
Not unless you like consoling children when their accounts or game progress gets glitch or hack and they lose everything.
Reporting it to the admins is a complete waste of time because no one will ever contact you.
It is a shame because they solicite money via ROBUX which is a disgrace because they do no monitor or fix issues.
A serious company that should be open to a Class Action Suit and shut down.
If they are a bit too young make them avoid games like, arsenal, murder mystery 2, phantom forces, etc.
Another thing robux is kind of expensive but not really.
Roblox is for kids because it contains sex, violence and swearing!!!!!!!!!!!
My daughter aged 8 had her account suspended for a week because she typed in the chat " h ell".
A group of players also got into a chat war with one group typing "all lives matter" and the other "no lives matter."
For this they suspended her account for 7 days!
For a first time offense from an 8 year old who had no real conception of what she was typing.
Then the horror of trying to appeal the decision began.
24 hours later I received another message requesting the same thing before they'd address the suspension.
We're now six days in, a very depressed little girl in lockdown, her account suspended for no real reason and no means of appealing it.
Absolutely outrageous from Roblox
All
Tell your kids to not go in games like murder mystery.
Talking about pedophiles?
Just have your kids not go to the "condo" games which are the games pedophiles typically hang around.
Don't even say "What about swearing!"
Let alone seduce somebody!
This game is bad "Roblox" Should be for Adults it is vary violent i saw my kid go to bed, eat, sleep, And get e-e-e-educated AAAAAAA !
It is not for anyone, who should get any of that I told my 17 yr old son he should play a less violent game Grand theft auto 5
Someone built a house in the game that looked like a strip club, and had pictures of naked women on the walls!
Everyone in the game was swearing, despite my son promising me that there was a filter in the chat.
I told him he has to leave the game, and if I catch him playing that game again he is grounded.
I am not letting him play this game either, so he got out and joined a game called Broken Bones, which I was absolutely disgusted of.
The point of the game was to jump off cliffs and die.
It is also very graphic, with blood everywhere.
My son is never playing roblox again.
I was also annoyed about how bad the chat filter is.
It doesnt filter enough.
And the prices for robux, the in game currency are too high.
We should not have to spend this much money on such a horrible game for our children to be happy.
Customer service is non-existent.
Cannot be reached by phone.
The "contact us" forms get you boiler plate emails that do nothing to resolve problems.
My young niece made some unauthorized purchases.
When I requested cancellation of the charges they closed her account.
But what kind of business cuts you off from access to legitimately purchased items if you request a refund of unauthorized charges?
I would prefer not to deal with a business whose policies are unfair to the customer.
You have a company that isn't willing to tell you that their sites have no security and a data breach issue.
They never landed in their accounts (Even though Roblux said it did).
This is very scary as all of your information and your child's information is wide open for anyones taking.
I am banning my kids from playing Roblox and I encourage all parent to do the same unless you are ok with people stealing you personal data and banking information.
I am very disappointed with Roblox.
However there might be lots of scams.
There is no way to get free robux unless you sell stuff.
I has some bad people but if you hide the chat you will not be apart of it.
If you see mean messages just go to settings and change your privacy settings to not allow text messages.
This game is SO rude.
I saw people replacing the s word with s$%hitttt.
They also perform sexy on my 5 year old daughter and make her cry.
I cannot believe how much profanity this game has.
I am fuming!!!!!!!!
Its an okay game, but dont let your kids play for more than 3 hours a day and if they find any problems they should tell an adult.
Some people say fortnite and call of duty r better but roblox is better just dont let them play voilenced games
A dangerous game that looks innocent.
To much consumerism!
Just a moment ago, my daughter cried for being defrauded in this game for half an hour.
I find it rather disappointing to read in the comments of other parents that it isn't bad to kill people in games like fortnite roblox version.
Omg this game has to much inappropriate scenes teaching kids about nudity teaching them gender exploration.
Doggy style and sex positions  I am very disappointed and would like this game banned.
NO pedi files or anyone who want to attack your kids!
I am deeply concerned for my child's safety, This game encourages simps.
In and adopt me has to be banned why are the pets so weird like this game encourages you to waste your money on
 useless robuc like what kind of name is that many of the games have people talking to each other which I will not have my child do.
My darling charilee rose does not need any social interaction and should go back to the basement.
It DOES have some disgusting stuff in Roblox but it isn't the community its the players who make the game, just supervise your kid 20-30m every minuet or hour see what they're saying, or playing.
OMG I’m the mom of my 13 yr old Sony or son howeverr ya spell et my son little Timmy fell down the well it’s roblox fault flip it all
My child sacrificed peppa pig to Satan and murder his teacher and piggy you should never play they Jumpscare
MY CHILD IS 10 YEARS OLD AND SHE WAS EXPOSED TO BULLYING.
A GROUP OF CHARACTERS CAME UP TO HER AND STARTED CUSSING AND INSULTING HER.
SHE WAS ALSO EXPOSED TO A SEXUAL GAME AND WAS RAPED.
My biggest concerns are the safety and privacy.
We've also found with our kids that because these are open games and made by anyone, the titles are misleading.
My daughter has come across more than one that ended up being more horror, and certainly not appropriate for you.
Block almost every game, or all of them are left accesible.
This is not a game unless you are a parent who can monitor it every minute they play.
I have literally seen children tell other children to go kill themselves on Roblox and there is nothing to stop them doing so.
There is nothing to hold these kids accountable for their actions.
This is why it's harder for kids to do harm to others.
On Roblox there's nothing to stop them from doing illegal activities if they use a VPN and kids as young as 8 are smart enough to do this.
You can make an account with out an email, with out permission from parents and that is where this issue begins.
Swarms of kids use hack clients to abuse to attack and steal and because they can use these fake throw away accounts, they get away with their actions.
There is little to no moderation on any of the games or from the owners of Roblox.
It would stop their hack client issue, it would stop their swarms of abuse and it would start to hold children and their parents accountable for things that happen on these games.
At the moment kids have said they hate how they can barely type as everything is auto moderated.
If a child does something extremely bad, an email could be sent to their parents with details of what was said and done.
Some kids aren't going to like this though because it means they can't get away with the rampart abuse that is Roblox.
The game is completely overrun with abuse, attacks, hack client users and personal information botts designed to get your kids accounts hacked.
Roblox staff need to implement changes as their game has slowly become the internet toilet in games aimed at kids but loaded with harassment, abuse and illegal activity.
Since then this game has become something horrible and now my older son is attending University he has asked his younger siblings not to play.
so i was making a game(free models) and i joined it to test it and it said something pretty much scary: you need 450 more robux to buy shirt faceless head..
i clicked cancel,but it kept asking,and then,i heard growling sound,maybe a bear,i knew what i had to do,i unplugged my mic and left the game and browser.
I joined another game to see if it is a virus or someone hacking and believe it or not...it was not there,it is only in my game,so i decided to just leave it for now to try and fix it with my team of friends,i will edit this review and let you know what happened next...
I am a mother of Pyongyang  who let my son Johnny Jimson-Un sign up for Roblox after he was threatened  by a North Korean crossing guard, and I was DISCUSTED because, inside of the game they gave my son RIGHTS?!
Even worse, the people in the game were actually MAKING FUN OF OUR SUPREME LEADER!
You should not mess with us!
Bad Game.
you should let you child play because there is so much guns and blood and they will die because of the game so you should let you child play it
This game is horrible.
There is to much violence!
And when u get shot u bleed out onto the sidewalk!
Now about Princess Tycoon--I don't like princesses but I thought, it couldn't be too bad.
Turn out that game completely threw me off so bad that I don't recall anything nearly as bad in my entire parenting experience.
On the second day, there's this other player came harassed my daughter multiple times by going into her home killing her.
On the third day, oh my heaven this other player has a weapon that paralyzes and made my daughter's avatar to kneel down, and they proceeded to use a machete to behead her avatar.
I was completely shocked beyond comprehension.
People my age probably associated this with the terrorist acts we saw on TV, but luckily my child was just frustrated that she had to wait helplessly to see her character get destroyed.
I then tried to stop the game to have a conversation with her, but holy whatever exclamation I can use here, the other player came again, and this time after shooting my daughter's character paralyzed kneeling, they zoomed in again and put a gun on her head point blank and waited 3 seconds before shooting it in the head.
Eventually, I decided that I wanted to only allow games I checked to be played, but Roblox does not allow that.
For example, the Dinosaur Zoo wasn't included, even though it involves no guns and no attacking, destroying, or killing of anything at all.
Overall, Roblox makes it sound like they care about parental control, but they don't.
And their support is horrible.
Their responses are just links to documentation you've already seen.
They also don't seem to support small devs and contributors.
For example, people stealing costumes from other sellers and sell them in their stores with no consequences, dev accounts being hacked and Roblox won't provide appropriate support, probably thinking the victims are just kids.
I think ROBLOX is a fun and interesting game but there are some things that are not very nice.
first there is virtual online dating which is against rblx rules another thing is  cyberbullying ive seen other call other players names and ive seen people trying to curse!
And i took my childs ipad last night and tried reporting someone and reports dont rlly do anything!
I let my kid play this game, it was free and looked okay so I let my kid get it but I regret all of it!
later that day I saw a charge for 800 "Robux" that cost 10$!
and get this he played for 30 minutes and did not read his 5 hours of reading only 4.5!!!!!
I'm so mad!
I made an account to see how this was happening oh my gosh it was terrible there was "free Robux" games where you had to enter your password and after you did you would lose your account and games where people swore!!!
KEEP YOUR CHILDREN AWAY FROM CHAT!!!
I know that it stars out any unregnised words but not the bad words or some people call "mean words" and that is fine but be carful with the chat kids.
The only questionable thing is the death  animations, a cartoony breaks into pieces as if they are a piece of glass falling and shattering.
For example, the game "murder mystery 2" a game where the user is a hero with a gun or a murderer with a knife, should be restricted until the player is at least 13 years of age.
Kids should be able to play this game.
Some people say that it has people swearing a lot but i hope you realize that there is a setting where you can turn off chatting.
Apparently this is a game platform where you can spend your money to get an in-game currency (called Roblox) which you can spend on in-game items; problem is--the items are often deleted by Roblox staff and you are left with nothing.
They should be sued in my opinion.
Roblox is trash, 2 year olds only.
I try this game and the filter, updates, moderation is HORRIBLE.
They hashtag snap like WHAT how is that bad?
I'm done with it it's so BAD they tag anti tp they tag  my account got hacked omg WHAT
Ya'll Think Roblox For 18+ Then Your Stupid Who The Heck Think That A Kids Game 18+ If Roblox Wasn't For Kids They Will Have Violent Death Animation Also There Are Hackers That Hack The Chat Filter idc About Your Child/Daughter Spending Real Life Money Really Why  You Gave Them Your Bank Account In The First Place Who The Heck Would Do That Also Read The Roblox About I Know You All Parents Are Lazy And Stupid So Read From This Comments Stupid Parents: What is ROBLOX?
Bye Stupid And Lazy Parents
My two kids have this app and they play on it TOO MUCH.
But, the games made them rotten to the core.
The now scam and like to "trust trade" other players.
I talked to them about this and told them that scamming people is bad.
They even stole my money to buy "robux."
Scammers and exploiters you can block them and avoid them.
After a few months my daughters realized scamming was bad after the Developers of each game saw what they were doing.
They came running into my room crying and after calming them down for a bit, I found out that they were being creeped on by some 24 year old furry!
I'm utterly shocked at this and I contact the sites support, but they won't do anything about it because it happened on Discord, but my child met the predator via Roblox, which is really really baffling to me.
Fellow parents, do not let your kids use this site if you know what's good for them.
You will regret letting them use Roblox.
This does not have sex in it!
if you play a specific game (which i am not going to give the title out) and find a certain hole in the side of the wall and swin through the water there is a girl in a bikini saying something very disturbing and if you don't do what she wants she turns into the rake and kills you with a jumpscare but for some reason it is not that scary once you die a couple times filtered out so it is overall a 5 star game unless you play that game.
this game makes it so that there is blood.
my son died after playing for more than a week.
Watch out for exploiters, free robux scammers, scammers, and hackers.
I see some people cursing sometimes, but you can report any player that is doing bad things.
My son spent HOURS creating things and a kingdom on this game and scammers and thieves come along and just take what he created and this game company does NOTHING to stop this crap from happening.
This is the biggest piece of crap game ever...stay away, far far away!
The game does not protect you from getting hacked!
I’ve got charges for over $300 in one month and my account was blocked that I worked on for several years!
They refuse to reopen my account.
so guys i saw my son playing sented cons (Sex game)
he was looking at it watching someone and I said what is this and he said oh nothing, just how to suck dick 2020 sented cons OMGGGG LIKE AAHH
but he was perving on a pedo and probably a 9 year old having sex in sented cons doffi3wo OCNDON
Hello everyone who is out there with children who is playing this game I repeat take it how you want but this app is very dangerous and it really causes brain abuse to kids , my baby sister is a victim to this game she has been playing it constantly .. nights after nights she never sleeps but me and my family didn't notice how she was reacting to this game we kinda just let her play it because we feel like it was a good game to play and keep her mind off other things.
She is only 11 years old and since she been playing this game for the past 8 months her level of reading , comprehension has been on a kindergarten level , she says words like " you're such a loser" or she would just repeat her words in scrabble like it makes sense and after every convo she would go in a blank and start back saying it again and she would say "so yeah.. yeah".
This game is really stressful on her its like she gets in altercations with different people every other day , they say they will come to where she stay and come fight her mind you these kids are in different states and the language is so foul kids 10 years old cursing  like they are 45 and its just pathetic ... my baby sister has lost all her hair on her head , and her eyebrows and eyelashes due to this ROBLOX game that is supposed to occupy these kids during this pandemic .. she feel like its okay to be o
I just want to say this game should be band and discontinued
These websites often scam your children, and leads to their account getting hacked.
Sometimes It leads to sexual experience, and might even be an creepy 40 year old predator.
Make sure to stay away from these people.
Some games have violence such as murder or shooting but you can tell your child not to play those games.
There is some swearing in the chat but Roblox has moderators and you can turn the chat off as well.
One more thing you can friend people and also can get hacked if you play games labled FREE ROBUX.
Not a good game you have shooting games and you rob stores and you roleplay
it has guns blood bullys swears and other disgusting stuff.
have been playing roblox since like 3 -4 years and I have never seen anything with sex  The furthest I have seen is girls saying hE Is mY bOy and I have completely ignored that and everyone does that their are guns in the game BUT you have no problem with your child watching world war z and violent movies with a lot of gore  in roblox all it happen is your whole body becomes blocks and in gun games like arsenal you practically only get sucked into portal or burst like a pop Swearing?
I can't even type numbers also if you have a young kid he is most probably playing adopt me and all those "sex" games they are just roleplay games and you can do nothing whenever their is a inappropriate game it get's erased within the next day plus I am only twelve I wrote this to teach you boomers and karens
My problem is there are so many scammers, but the Roblox Moderators do practically nothing to help!
There is a bit too much on the swearing level.
Many reviews are saying “don’t get this game people cuss” that is not true.
Any curse words are filtered and if you type one it comes out as hashtags.
I have been playing ROBLOX for years and the worst curse word I have seen on this game was the word “dummy”.
If you still think it is bad, in settings you can disable the ability for your child to chat with others and view the chat.
Sure there are some shooting games out there but they encourage strong teamwork and if you die all that happens is you fall apart like a lego figure.
This is the WORST website for your kids to go on.
If your kid spends money n the game, blame them, not the platform/website.
And I know some people think that its a horrible Violence filled game.
There is a bit too much of swearing tho.
Some people use inappropiate words to ¨Hurt you¨ And I dont appriciate that, So we make a list of people saying inappropiate stuff and report it and block them.
BUT ROBLOX DOES NOTHING ABOUT IT.
I'm dissapointed.
Yesssss it has violence and swears best for children!
But unfortunately Roblox has seen better days.. they have such bad support.
They take too long on replying too.
Now days the Roblox games lack that sense of fun.
Ever since they removed tix's it starting going down hill, each update for the website, Its like I watched my childhood go down the drain.
The Game has users who are cheaters, hackers and people who love to exploit.
A Couple of weeks ago my account was hacked, everything was gone.
I could not get any access to my account whatsoever!
Then When i tried to report it and get my account 'Turakius' Back, Then they said look for a receipt which was sent way back in 2018!
Are they mad!
This is silly and I have left the game for good, Well?
Can you blame me?
My account was hacked and stolen.
I've tried everything I can to get access to it again but Roblox still do not believe I am the user to my account.
So.. all i have to say is Well done Roblox for trashing such a good nostalgic game.
Be aware of bullies, trolls, and admin abusers.
I've played roblox before, I've seen kids have sex "Smack them booties" "Suck them boobies" and act like gangs DISSAPIONTED
PARENTS DONT UNDERSTAND ROBLOX.
THEY JUST MAKE UP MESSAGES THAT MAKE ROBLOX HORRIBLE OK?
I am a 31-year-old parent from Norway and I don't know so much English so sorry if I have bad spelling
Roblox is NOT a game, but rather a platform.
), the blame lies on you, not Roblox.
The only way for someone to access inappropriate content on Roblox is to know what they're looking for.
I was reading an article written my some "concerned parent" talking about inappropriate games on Roblox and how they're accessed by searching certain random words,  I tested it to see if it was true, it was not, the words were censored.
If your child is viewing iffy stuff on Roblox, you as the parent are to blame, your child would have to know what to search in order to find those games.
Ok, so there are parents who think roblox is a bad platform, but those are just fucking bitches who don't know about parental control features, you can turn off the chat, you can put a pin so your child can't change the controls, I don't know what is wrong with adults these days.
Soooo, I totally dislike roblox.
There are some cute “clean” games on roblox, but the junk is abundant.
We have a pretty strict policy that if they do not honor the boundaries we put in place then we can just not use roblox.
The chat rooms were unbelievably vulgar even for adults.
.... terribly sad.
There were the time to time bullies in the game but it didn't effect him.
The in-game currency know as "Robux" is very over-priced but it is optional.
And when signing make a complex password because there is a lot of hackers.
Accept for the condo games watch out for games that have the names $$PLUGWALK$ or CONDO GAME because those are REALLY inappropriate  for a child  but without that Roblox is a great game and also watch out for the toxic people and yea
There is many disgusting things on this game, My son jeremy plays this game, One day I logged into his account and played a few games, I WAS DISGUSTED!
There was a game called Phantom Forces where you KILL people and there is another game called meepcity where people have SEX with eachother!
Many people also swear and try to get other peoples passwords!
I do not recommend this game!
In Roblox people find ways to swear and say other words that’s why I recommend for the children to have it at their age.
For those who say that Roblox is way to violent, roblox just has games that are like that, that are mean for older kids no for kids in the range if 5-10 but they are any older than that age they should be allowed to play it because they will know it’s a game with that purpose.
The only concern I have about roblox is that you’re account can be deleted.
But there are a lot of hackers and exploiters that literally change and make the game unfair.
But there are also scammers that post links in the chat about free ROBUX that kids might go to.
These websites can contain malware or viruses.
Or they can be used to gather someone's account info causing it to be scammed.
However, I would say there is some swearing, and accounts
MY SON PLAYED THIS THEN SHE WENT TO A GAME CALLED SURVIVE THE ALBERT AND HE KILLED ARE CAT AND SACRIFICD TO SATANATIC 

THERE IS ARE A DEMON IN OUR HOUSE NOW WE MIGHT NOT SURVIVE YOU CANNOT USE THIS APP OR YOU'RE SON WILL DO THIS OH MY GOD IT ATE MY DAUGHTER HELP
STOP THIS BULLLYING SEX BAN THASE TEENAGER S FOR SAFETTY OF THE CHILDREN 
NeEEDS BE SHUT DOWN
and also jenna is a moron who bangs her head on the table and let ur kids play on the game and let them roleplay.
its sucks accounts get hackes easly and so much swearing and roblox modderator sucks
there are some inappropriate games but they are very hard to find and get taken down fast,I recommend playing Royale high,Bloxburg.
The creepiness of the other players is disturbing.
Even after blocking messaging and having other parental controls, other users are constantly entering their games and just standing there.
Some of the games gave my son anxiety and he was unable to sleep for weeks.
They can be violent, weird, creepy, and overall so not appropriate for younger kids.
Roblox is not the bad thing, the bad thing is the community that plays the game.
These make you sound a  complete idiot.
But you have to be careful,  or you see things like: "abc for a gf/bf", "####(hashtags)", "lol you are dumb", you have to report these people.
Also you SHOULD NOT trust anybody on roblox expect if you know them irl(In Real Life).
They are possibly bots, scammer, information stealer, or possibly some people who wanna kill/kidnapp you.
I'm not just scaring you.
BUT there is bad people on roblox and you have to be careful around them.
The kill effect is just the character's body parts falling apart, like a collapsed Lego building.
And, if a bully is bullying you, click/tap there name and block them to not see what there seeing!!
WHAAAAAAT?!?!?!
But then, here is what parents don't like.
If you are a (somewhat) strict parent and do not want your child seeing the occasional word "hell" in chat, go to your child's settings and limit chat to "friends only or no one".
If your child says, "I see a bully," in game there are two options.
Reporting people which will give that bullying user a warning that their account will be banned if they do it again, or by blocking someone by going to their account, tapping the options button on the side and tap on "block user".
I got really angry and banned him from the rp games.
I think you should ask you're kids to not visit RP games.
And someone thought him the word wtf but if he says wtf clearly it gets tags and I really mind a little about the  security system in roblox
YOU MOTHER ##### THINK THAT IT BAD WELL UR A LOSER IT WAS SOO GOD MY CHILD HAD FOUND OUT HOW TO PLAY AND SOCIALIZE IN MINUTES
Fraudulent charges appeared on my account due to us putting in payment information a long time ago.
It is completely unclear how to disassociate and delete billing information.
Roblox thinks they CANNOT ANSWER THE PHONE due to Covid, so they are directing us to a "support" page.
This is beyond ridiculous.
They are clearly taking advantage of a young audience and putting parents in a poor position.
There are some scammers in "Adopt Me" and more.
The main problem with Roblox is buying, however most parents don't know that their is a block player option that makes it so some users can't chat, or join your child.
The other problem is in app purchases.
Many children keep wanting more and more of this Roblox currency which costs real money.
Avatar accessories, which are a waste and children usually get tired of.
These are the biggest wastes and keep your children wanting more and more robux.
i hate this game
I tried to buy a 10euro for my daughter and by next day and till i cancel my visa card i was charged 5 times for 10 euro each.
NOT RECOMMENDING THIS TO ANYONE AND SPECIALLY BUY SOMETHING
Many parents complain that there are many exploiters or trollers who swear and cyber bully, and I just want to remind everyone that cyberbullying happens throughout every gaming platform.
If your kids do come across a bully or exploiter, you can simply disable their chat or set their chat so that they can only talk to their trusted friends.
Another complaint I see a lot in the reviews is that there are a lot of online daters in Roblox.
If you catch your kids doing inappropriate things online such as dating, that means you're being an irresponsible parent and not keeping track of the games your child is playing.
There are more complaints on a game called Jailbreak, which is often compared to GTA 5 in the reviews.
Secondly, if you think Jailbreak isn't child friendly, stop blaming Roblox and let them play other games instead, Karens.
TOO MNAY CUSSY NOT ENOUTHG MIKEY MOSE
it not a bad game I don't know why people say it's bad
If you want to turn your child into a money hungry, disrespectful little asshole then by all means let them play this game!
All they'll want after they play this is to constantly spend money on this pointless, piece of shit game!
It's strictly been developed to target young kids that have no idea of the value and necessity of money.
Also, if your kid is getting bullied in game, look at the player list and press the bully’s name and block him.
when i saw his avatar I was shocked he was wearing a "edgy" hat.
roblox was selling satanic items encouraging my kid to be satanic.
not wanting him to be possessed by the devil i removed it from his avatar.
I was shocked he was playing adult games like "piggy" where a pig would chase him and kill his character.
what is this?!?!
THIS IS WAY TO SCARY FOR MY KID!
I also heard plenty of stories of kids being raped and groomed on there!
don't allow your kid to have it!
You should stop banning kids over things like murder mystery 2 and arsenal.
Banning won't help, and those parents who complain about kids getting your credit card numbers, I'm just going to say GET A BETTER PASSWORD OF DON'T SAVE IT AT, ALL LIKE SERIOUSLY!
There is not enough protection  for younger players.
my kid died aftee tthey said 'your square' its fun but bad if you want your family to live also helo krekypoo have you had a nice brekfasr
So WonderFul Its Really Great But Don't Allow Kids to Online Date and Swearing is Common Like in School But.. IS OKAY And Why is Scary Piggy Book 2 is So not Scary and Why are you Parents so Scared like cats that someone is Bullying Just Ignore them Or leave that server its okay If you kids Want Robux Then they Cry so Just Ingnore Them when they ask money Beat Them my Sister who is 7 is playing i love this Game look in yt and Parents suck cuz they are so scared!
All the inappropriate stuff is blocked out or reported instantly.
Is it really that violent?
just because it has to do with guns does not mean its violent!
Well they got sued for a dumb reason.
So this idiot girl spent 1000 real life dollars on robux because her idiot parents let her have their crdit card number then the idiot parents sued ROBLOX blaming them even though it was their daughters fault.
People can be so stupid sometimes.
Roblox  don’t know how to ban everyone that use swear word or sexual words in roblox they allow no cloths in pizza place let people have sex in that game mode they let people by pass crap.
Oh yeah let name another thing there dating in roblox and two don’t they did not block every swear words in that dam game mode for a fact.
I play roblox for almost 4 and all you did is nothing but let people do this  disgusting shit  .
I saw everything with my eyes so if your a parent don’t let your kids play this game or your going have a kid learning sexual stuff in that game or swear words  or screaming so this is a fact not a lie.
Next here’s some downsides.
First players can do strange thing.
For example If your kid play Work At A Pizza Place then players can ask you to quit as manager to get the job then report you for “Bullying”, Or if you play Adopt Me then people roleplay as boy friends and girlfriends report them.
Next the chat filter makes it hard to speak if you set your age under 13.
Roblox is a sexual game about sex, it's crude, a lack of quality, no corny theme song, and David Funpack- I mean David Basuzki made a horrible game.
Too little Mortimer Mouse hangouts, I mean LOVE Mortimer Mouse so for them to have too little is extremely sad.
3. it censors out too many things, I find it stupid how I actually need too say something like t h I s cause it's stupid.
Violents, once someone said: ''*smacks bae in da face UwU*'' and that just seemed wrong.
However sometimes there might be scammers and exploiters who might upset your children a lot.
Twice this has happened to my daughter, and these are the only two times we have tried to purchase Robux.
We never spent it because it never showed up.
I tried to file a complaint with the BBB but they dont deal with complaints that way.
By the way for anyone who hasn't seen the list of complaints through the BBB about this company should check it out.
This company is such a scam.
Don’t buy gift cards as when I redeemed mine they’ve topped up my balance but didn’t let me buy anything, it’s like the money didn’t exist.
I emailed them more then a month now and nobody even bothered to answer me.
this game has disgusting things guns,prison,and swearing, I recommend this game for kids
Keep your children away from this.
ROBLOX can not keep children safe on their game.
This is a platform for predators.
Young kids should not be playing this game!!!
These people overlook the simple answer of leaving the game and joining a new server, or muting then / blocking them.
You see bruh i have a dughter name Lily and shes only 8 and she upsets with roblox shes ask me everyday to buy robux but i always so no then when she was in school she start stabing her sceern and said I NEED ROBLOX and would't stop i try to calm her down my she would'nt stop scearming roblox i was so sceard i didnt even want to hear the game ever agian parents dont let your child play this game its so voilce and nasty s**** on it so yeah like my daughter was dateing somone on that game and i said WHAT THE 
We and our friends have had mostly trouble.
One of the main issues is with the company and it's handling of those who violate their guidelines/rules.
There are many groups that openly bully and admit it yet still are in the games and play often.
There are hackers and scammers too that can stay and are only banned from certain games.
The game does an ok job of concealing bad language with hashtags over the offensive words however there are ways to get around this.
Make sure you READ all the policies there are many and several circle around to the companies benefit with no recourse but appeal which is usually denied.
I've witnessed several bullying situations with my child, her friends and others in the game.
There have been comments and actions that are not appropriate for kids at all.
This will only “buy” certain things.
Roblox itself is a good game but of course its the players that make it not kid friendly at all.
First off Roblox has a strict chat filter and it censors out a lot of words but there are so many ways to get around this.
Ill give some examples of the stuff I saw when playing this game that I can remember off the top of my head: Someone telling kids to go to a website called "rule 34" which is basically known for the most disturbing and disgusting videos on the internet.
Ive seen people get into fights in the chat and and one player says "yourgirlfriendhasthesmallesttiddiesever" and another goes on to say stuff about "your mom has cow tits" ect.
I always report these kinds of people but Roblox's moderation is AWFUL.
Next thing is the thing I hate most.
ALOT of people bypass Roblox's audio moderation and will play inappropriate music with swearing and inappropriate themes.
Someone had a radio and started playing a bunch of inappropriate songs like "Dicks in my butt, shes such a slut I nut.., I fuck your mother she.. And very loud female moaning noises.
Developers only really put these in their games so they can make money off of people buying it but if Roblox isnt going to have a good moderation team then I think they should not allow this.
I dont know how blatant screaming moaning noises went through their moderation team.
Roblox has the worst moderation ive ever seen.
I know Roblox likes to say that everything on their website goes through a moderation team but thats either a lie or the people on their moderation team are lazy and just accept anything without looking at them.
So many inappropriate audios are uploaded to their website and used.
There are inappropriate games.
There are inappropriate games that can do anything from pose characters in sexual ways, animate the players characters to simulate sex acts ect.
Ive never been in one of these games and they do not show up on the front or home page, you would have to search for them or know what to search for to get to them.
But I have seen other weird or disgusting ones with a thumbnail of a woman Roblox character farting or shitting ect.
Roblox is a bit better with banning peoples accounts for making these and taking down the games than they are at moderating the audios.
They really need better moderation, the game makes so much money yet cant afford a better moderation system considering they are soon to be adding ingame voice chat and videos which I think is a horrible idea considering what happens with the audios.
Ive also seen just disgusting games show up on the front page like "Eat poop simulator" "Pick a toilet" and more poop/fart themes.
Like I said before when I see people talking about inappropriate things I report them but when I check on their account days later theyre not banned.
When reporting someone Roblox says they will review the ingame chats and if they find anything they will take action but I believe they do not do this at all.
Another point I wanted to make is about "Online Dating" Roblox is against online dating and doesnt let you say "I love you' or anything like that in the chat.
But im sure this is a problem on any social platform.
The thing im more concerned about is the sex stuff that happens and it does.
As for violence there are shooter and killing games but theyre not graphic as Roblox forbids blood or anything graphically violent.
There is a lot of scamming and different ways to scam.
There are a few ways this scam works but basically I would tell kids to not gift their pets to anyone or they will get scammed.
My problem with this game is it is very consumerism like.
There are so many things in this game that cost real life money and most people who play this game end up spending real life money on it because all of the "good" or popular stuff you need to buy with real life money.
I think its impossible to give away phone numbers and addresses.
Are the games even good?
A bit mindless if you ask me.
My 16 year old daughter goes on this site.
All of a sudden I hear swears coming from the computer and I ask my daughter what is up with Roblox.
Yet, he still has access to violent games all about murdering and torture.
it was my fault for trusting the “security” features.
This website is terrible.
Roblox is going bye-bye.
let your child play all they want its not like they can really get exposed to sexual content or highly violent content
HE WAS PLAYING INNAPROPRIATE GAMES!!!
I played some and couldn't believe my eyes.
And when i joined there was music playing that said things like "i fucked her so hard her pussy started bleeding", hentai on the walls, and people bypassing the chat filter and saying "i want to 45ck your pu see so hard.
You are such a furry suck my huge p p" and NSFW like that.
I grounded him for a month, took his computer away and stored it in a closet to never be his again.
This game is bad for kids because people can have sex.
My 12 year old daughter, Genevieve was caught online dating in 2017 and i was pissed off.
Delete this game
This game has illegal drugs and guns and blood
Blood in every game, you can rip off people’s heads and eat their body parts
!111the game such of innapronriate not cool for the kids.!!11.
My sun played the rlovx game not cooL~!
Today I experienced a "error" of the friend chat.
I was talking to my friend when it kept saying 'error" under it.
I got very annoyed.
Even songs with cuss words on it.
Don't recommend for anyone under 18!
The game isn't even that good i tried it with my kids.
While i was watching tv i saw this game appear on the news and it was called ROBLOX and i saw that they had blocky sex which shouldnt be on a kids game, this game is bad
When I was posting as a 13 year old child there was so many 10-8 year olds OD ( Online Dating ) I was so shocked to see sex,violence,drinking,smoking,drugs and swearing by using numbers and this is unaccompanied for a 10-8 year old child to play this is a risky game!
I wouldn't recommend this game not the best to play without parents permission and seeing what your child is actually doing.
Roblox needs to also permanently banned scams as well!
Roblox should be shut downed and updated to be safer or be permanently banned from every device.
yes roblox has violence but its just a Lego simulator ya'll need to chill out there are so many games and even if your child does decide to play a game with 'violence' its not that bad it teaches nothing and its just a fun game to play when your bored it also doesn't cause "school shootings" so ya'll are over reacting the filter is bypassed ofton and there is no big deal in life people swear so what are you gonna do there is sexual games and outfits but just play games that sound safe ok now bye crazy karen
About the rude and mean people in chat, if you are under 13 it filters out the bad words.
The only bad thing is that most games have things that cost robux.
THE ONLY BAD THING
There are a few problems with stuff like chat and friends but that can all be blocked with restrictions.
There are some trolls out there and the game can be quite addicting and result in temper problems.
its great this is literally my childhood I'm sorry for parents that think because people are mean in the chat the game is bad well there is an alternative like TURNING OFF CHAT IN SETTINGS also just avoid sketchy role play games if you don't want inappropriate content and as for blood i don't recommend horror games.
And violence is in every video game so forget no violence.
Fortnite is an evil, cruelel, bloody mess.
This game is an outragous scam that is easy to get addicted to.
My grandon has been asking for this V MONEY for his 10th birthday and I am now 2000 moneys in debt.
He has not shut up about killing girls in this game and how he is always winning, this game rewards communism as well as shooting people in the head with better guns and corruptness.
I am glad to have come across the sight so I can send a messege to fellow parents... FORTNITE WILL CORRUPT YOUR CHILD.
The creators of this monstrosity should feel terrible about this creation and delete this scum from society.
I HAVE LOST MY GRANDSON TO THIS MISTAKE DO NOT LET IT HAPPEN TO YOURS.
I am absolutely DISGUSTED with Roblox right now >:( I cannot even BEGIN to describe my anger!
Here are all the things wrong with Roblox:
1.
ROBLOX IS ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE >:(
I have to admit, prior to the pandemic, I had never, personally, spent time researching  the games in Roblox, but instead allowed the  "naysayers" to  influence my decision not to allow my 8 y.o.
In fact,  as a general  rule, I avoided "screens" like the plague and had never so much as  talked to my daughter about online "etiquette", let alone "online safety", i.e.,  how to spot  "grooming" behavior, which, as you probably already know, is a term used to refer to  predators who say & do certain things to gain the trust of our kiddos!
However, that all changed when the pandemic caused our world as we knew it came to a screeching halt this past March,  i.e., no more attending traditional brick & mortar school, playing with  friends, going on vacation,  to summer camps, etc., etc..!!
However, without  moderation & crystal clear rules, that same technology went from a "curse to a blessing" will quickly return to a curse.
So yes people swear and say certain inappropriate things, but if u turn off chat it is very difficult to find inappropriate things.
The only way if ur chat is disabled is by joining an inappropriate game your “friend” is playing.
Bc it is very hard to find inappropriate games.
There also are killing games, however u can just check ur kids recently played if u dint want them playing these.
U can buy “premiuM” the in game currency (used to be called robux and there are hackers.
But its hard if there not on ur friends list.
The games they like to play aren't educational at all and anyone can make a game and monetize it.
Many times my kids will be playing a game that has pop-ups for purchases with Robux and my kids have made accidental purchases that are impossible to be refunded.
I reported it and sent a separate report, but I don't know if the person was investigated at all.
In the same game, players are constantly scamming eachother out of pets and other items that are purchased with Robux.
In another game, a player was bullying me after being in the game for just a few minutes.
I reported that player, too, but the players are often cruel to eachother in chat and I'm sure most parents don't even know they can turn that feature off for their kids.
This is unacceptable.
There is no way to protect our kids properly in this game and it needs a huge overhaul to be safe.
Many games are violent and include players killing eachother with various weapons or monsters chasing them to kill them.
Albert/flamingo is a youtuber I do not think he wants kids killing their animals and "sacrificing them to satin."
He is doing this as entertainment and a joke.
Not saying it is funny but, just clarifying that it is a simple joke.
Roblox does not promote online dating and other S3x related stuff.
When someone is cursing in the chat just close it or leave the game.
look there are karens who say this game is horrible but in reality the only bad thing is the chat and sometimes you will have a troller or two but thats it it is really a good game
As soon as she spent the money, every single thing she had vanished.
She was absolutely devastated!!!
I contacted Robux, who said they do not replace anything.
Now, based on their response, I think they are a scam and they took it all away as soon as we spent money on it, hoping it would force us to re-buy what she lost.
She couldn't focus on her class or anything else she had to do anymore.
My child became so argumentative and sassy when we took away her access to her Roblox account.
Also some of the activities on Roblox are completely time suckers.
It doesn't do anything but keep the kids mind hypnotized.
From our experience and what we heard from many friends about their children spending more than one or two hours a day on Roblox doesn't do good but damage to the children.
We ended up banning our daughter from accessing the site for two weeks.
My son was a victim of a hack.
My PayPal account was hacked and the source was Roblox.
The kids become addicted to this.
My son, meanwhile, had his Roblox password changed, and session disconnected so he couldn’t change it himself.
Because we notified them to the account being compromised, Roblox them shut down my son’s account.
Their response is that,  because of the compromise they will not reopen or discuss  the account any further.
As well as being a victim of the initial financial crime, my son now has no access to any existing Roblox funds he may still have In his account.
His Roblox service is terminated with no further redress to whether Roblox should do this or not.
If you buy your child Robux, your purchasing account is at risk.
If the child’s Roblox account is hacked, any money that you have spent in the account will also be lost.
My son is devastated as he has traded up and up, and some items he says are very rare.
This response from Roblox is victim blaming.
My son became very emotional having just been denied everything he has built up.
He is young, and had I been aware I would have not allowed this risk.
WHY WOULD THIS GAME MAKE TAGS HALF OF EVERYTHING YOU SAY GOES TO TAGS (unless you have safe chat) why is safe chat even a thing half of it is people (OD) online daters taking children’s info with apps such as (snap chat, discord, or iMessage  get your child a android this game SUCKS I RAGE SO MUCH and people are so very mean (cyber bullying) I’ve cried many times bc I’m a cry baby :)
Not very violent but sometimes there may be toxic language in the chat but it is censored with a hashtag.
Here is the thing with all these reviews complaining about roblox.
If your just letting your kids do whatever they want on roblox without talking to them about it then yes they can find some questionable things.
I don't recommend games like island life or meep city if your under 13.
Not visa cause i Used visa once and the next day someone in another state got my information and spent my money.
We have never paid any $ and they have the chat feature turned off so they don't talk to others playing that they don't know in real life.
As long as public chat is turned off, kids are told that no money will be spent, and parents monitor which games kids choose to play (letting them know if they're not allowed on any with guns, etc.)
My daughter played this game when she was 10 until she was 12 then decides she was to old for it.
At first I thought the idea was scary but my daughter begged.
So I did some research and found parents complaining about online dating and sex rooms.
I did not know that these sicks can reach out to him on his cell phone while he thinks he playing with animals this sicko on the other side not so much very inappropriate wording he is no longer able to play the game, it is not good for children at all and put them in situation they are no equipped to understand.
Roblox is like Steam,Steam is an app where you play other games that other people make and big companies Roblox is like Steam you can play other games and make your own A lot of people hate Roblox because they think is all about playing little kids games,no your wrong not every game on Roblox is for kids get a life and test the full site and games before ready.
My kids get bullied inside the app ALL DAY LONG!
Pay to win app that just wants to suck all your money!
Keep your kids away from this toxic app AND it's community!
There is games like plugwalks or scented con which have sexual content but the games get deleted very fast.
If your son sees naked lego characters tell him to leave the game and report it.
So, you parents who think that Roblox's main theme is violence, one word to describe you, 'Karen' but their customer service is bad.
I agree I agree ok. but some of you, I suspect you aren't even parents ok. because I see that some of you can't even spell.
I read this site before I let my kids play it.
I’m really sick thinking about all the other innocent kids in there without their parents not seeing what I saw to intervene.
I’m not sure if young kids read these reviews so I don’t want to say too much but let’s just say it was X rated.
It may not know how to hashtags out descriptions of bad things without using bad words.
Immediately after all those disgusting drawings someone else had their turn and drew a sweet little teddy bear.
Probably another innocent 7 yo like my little girl.
Makes me sick.
They will only eject him from Roblox if there are multiple reports.
I recommend 3+ because 1 and 2 year olds might not be able to control the character or customise anything (If I offend your child very sorry).
I would have gone to jail for hurting him .
We have deleted all Roblox .
This wall is full of crazy parents who don't even bother to look at the game.
The things said by these "Adults" are downright unforgivable.
UNFORGIVABLE.
I'm genuinely angry by the things said in the adult's section.
People complain about the shooting games and horror games on the platform but, Roblox has a setting that can stop your child from playing games like that.
Also, if you don't want people communicating with your child then you can remove the option to chat in game.
"Parents dosent know anything about the internet"
-kreekcraft :3
Also you need to report to get others banned,because roblox wont look though the chat then.
if you think that some roblox games are "demon games(lol)" then just tell your kids to not play it!
i thought this web supposed to be common sense??
the kids all swear too :/
If someone is sending you bad things, disable chat in settings or block the user.
Educate your children about scams online.
If someone is breaking the Roblox TOS(Terms of Service) do not attack roblox or private message them on facebook or something, avoid the person or report them.
An absolutely horrible game, after only 3 weeks of playing this game my child was having extreme Tantrums that resulted in her having to be taken do the mental health ward.
I explained to them she's been playing Roblox and not only did the nurse but the unit social worker we're aware of Roblox and said this is the worst game they have ever seen for children.
Any parents that say this is a good game for children are completely naive and I suggest you guys Google and read other reviews .this game is extremely sexually explicit and not only is it sexual it is a open chat room.
I had all the parental control settings set among allowing my child to register and that did not even help her safety whatsoever.
I absolutely HATE this game and I wish I could actually put the harm it does to children on the creator.
DO NOT ALLOW YOUR CHILDREN TO PLAY ROBLOX EVER!!
and to top it off, I asked the admin of the game to remove her account and explained the reasons why & he was stating his concern for her loss of achievements if I were to remove her profile.
So you can't even delete their profile you have to ask permission , which ultimately shows their level of concern
My kid played this without my permission and now he is scared of props pig for some reason.
I checked his account and saw he was messaging online people he didn’t know, and even worse, some were wearing bikinis!
This is not suitable for young children.
Against all odds that it is too bad, like some idiots in my social class think that I won't waste a single dollar on another game can eat their hats.
Roblox is NOT a game, but a game engine.
Roblox allows fraudulent content to scam children of their money and then denies all responsibility.
She never received it and was very upset.
I reported the content and emailed Roblox asking for a refund.
I sent the developer of Adopt me games a screenshot of her purchase and the game developer told me the content my daughter bought from a fraudulent developer and to report it to Roblox and ask them for a refund.
I opened a second ticket with screen shoots of developer of Adopt me games response and of the item/seller in which Roblux customer support did nothing.
A third ticket was opened when the store and the seller was deleted and Roblox told us to "contact the developer" and hid behind their terms of service.
But there are also innapropriate and scam games.
but roblox is constantly deleting those!
I saw my son playing a game named murder mystery 2 none sense of knife skins and big epik voilence and i throw all his electronics out of the roof top and never to be seen again
THIS TRSAH NO KISDS SHPOULD PLAY NO GOOD.
NOEW HE DOESNT REMEmBER NAME.
I WILL SUE THIS HORRBILE THINGON DEVICE THAT IS ALSO HORRIBLAY.
But these are filled with trollers.
Another game to avoid is Bloxburg.
It is tiring to get in game currency, and I about a year ago spent 100+ real dollars on it.
I personally am not a fan, but it is aimed to younger players.
Games to avoid are ones that say free robux.
This game is atrocious twice now we have put money into my daughter's account and then she gets locked out.
We put in her username/password and it claims "username/password invalid" after the first time we just assumed okay maybe it was just a hacker let's create a new username and more difficult password.
The second time we put money on her account as she asked for for her birthday for the same exact thing to happen not even 12 hours after money was put into her account when we clicked forgot password they never send an email with any information about password reset like they should.
We are furious and have reached out to the company multiple times with no response.
Please parents don't waste your money on this, it's not worth it.
I just watched a video of Confederate flags allowed on the game...a lynching area for black purple with a black man hanging...players walking around in kkk outfits...are you serious?
Roblox is a dangerous platform for ANYONE especially kids.
They can steal sensitive information and gain access to everything stored on your phone and computer.
It’s extremely scary.
These people DO hack children.
My child’s device was compromised.
They are moderators of the game and sadly some of your kids’ favorite you tubers are associated with them.
I do NOT recommend this app to ANYONE at any age.
If you see a YouTuber, “creator”, minigame, etc., focusing around anime it’s best to stay away.
With vile imagery not suitable for children.
You never know if you’re clicking into a game that’s innocent or designed to exploit.
Let any child play this game
The games that kids play on this platform are fraught with scams and cheats and Roblox continues to take no responsibility for their action sayin, "reach out to the developer".
When Roblox takes the parents money for Robux and kids (my daughter is 9) who use them gets scammed, that is Roblox's responsibility to make sure children are not taken advantage of.
They hide behind their "terms of use" which states that we agree not to take them to court when we purchase the Robux.
Let it be known that Roblox allows this kind of behavior and will not remedy anything.
We had some extra payments that we did not recognise, over and above the £40 we had spent.
When I queried the payments they just deleted the account with no conversation.
There is no number to call.
Do not use this system.
For those who think Roblox is okay for their kids, maybe you should SIT AND WATCH the game and how they text each other.
IDK about you all, but I don't think that's cute nor appropriate to let a CHILD play.
Don't let your child to bad stuff.
Quite disappointing.
However the worst incident thus far is a girl asking to have s*x with my NINE YEAR OLD SON, and my daughter playing"Bloxton Hotels" when some creepy Roblox guy appeared in her shower.
The game's currency, "Robux" is extremely overpriced as well.
I would advise against letting your child playing Roblox, but if you do, take the following actions:
1: Don't buy Robux.
If your child starts to become more hostile or agressive after playing this game, the game should not be blamed.
Getting in the way of being a functional human person, thus being an addiction.
The moderation is not used in the strongest way.
There is no possible way to get the in game currency for free.
Be cautious of this, as they are all scams.
If your child is playing those games and resulting as a hostile human being.
Its not the game's fault, it's their unhealthy addiction from playing it to much.
I was reading the reviews and saw a bunch of bad ones with stupid reasons like, this person wasn’t getting out of my car in game, BOI JUST LEAVE THE GAME IF THATS HAPPENING, it’s not really bad as long as you actually act like a parent and review your kids profile every once in a while, and if that’s not enough turn on restricted mode it’s that easy
roblox isnt really bad but the poeple who play it are bad they think only cuz they have robux that they are kings and they trat the poeple without robux even worse  than worms and more than half of the roblox players are hackers or bullies and some poeple are being annoying to poeple on purpose even if they know the other one doesnt like it
So my son has been playing this and it there was not anything I was worried about until recently when some of the games were getting darker and another game on here that’s like a shooting game death match type but the players have on boom boxes on their back that bump some ghetto foul/explicit songs.
This ain’t radio edited stuff, this is blaring loud and annoying.
How does the music like this get on this game like that??
Those are the type of parents that don’t bother to investigate the website before they write this it’s almost like they would let there child play anything to later then say “this game is very violent and gory” which to be honest is a bunch of crap.
The chat is sometimes innapropriate, but GET REAL, this is what it is like in the real world.
I don't recommend playing if you are sensitive to swearing, drinking/drugs, and online dating.
That is about all that is bad about the game!
Also sometimes the reviews are fake and/or they have not played many of the good games and have only clicked on the bad ones.
im tired of people saying the game is bad.
if you ever encounter a bully, theyre just some little kids taking their rage out on you.
just block them
worried about the chat feature?
How many kids accounts have been hacked?
All spending their spending money on the game every week and no contact information for support except a message board and “we’ll get back to you”!!!!
Shocking game
It’s bad for young kids and will force them to buy things there is games I don’t let them play like arsenal which is highly inappropriate with guns and violence and on some games there are scammers that are way to young to play the game like 8 or 9 year olds
Purchases sometimes glitch out and don't give you the product.
Roblox will give lots of false excuses as to why this happens.
But no offer for refund after many useless interactions with them.
You'll pretty much give up and cut your losses.
I'm done.
If anything only order small so they can't steal too much.
After I did that, my son no longer wanted to play because "all those games are stupid and for babies!
I can't even get to any good games!"
Recently, our son (now age 11) said he got banned from his favorite game and that an admin did it "for no reason."
He was SUPER angry and huffed about for days.
All was well for a while, but then he got banned again and again, said he had done nothing wrong.
He had also pepper sprayed another officer but told us he couldn't tell it was an officer because he was not in uniform and driving an unmarked car.
My son got very angry and then started telling us all about how he wrote to the moderator and threatened that if they didn't reinstate him, he was going to "get the whole game shut down."
Finally, I suggested that since there seemed to be so little control over getting banned, the game wasn't worth his trouble and he needed to find a different game.
We are now blocking Roblox on all his devices for a while until he can prove he can play the games appropriately and respect other players and any time and content limits we create.
This is too bad, because in Roblox Studio, our son was creating movie scenes and rock concert stage set-ups and generally being creative.
But a lot of the games are modeled after GTA where you can hurt others and engage in inappropriate conduct.
Other players are going to do things that upset your kid, inappropriate things, ignoring, bullying, etc.
and if your kid is sensitive to these things or gets angry easily, Roblox is not going to go well for them.
And be prepared for angry protesting when you try to limit the game content or screen time...
And it's very easy to tell that you guys took one look at it and decided to write a scathing, lying review.
Do not blame Roblox for the games YOUR CHILD decided to play.
If your child plays a game and you don't like it, don't let them play it.
Don't blame Roblox for a violent game.
Do not blame Roblox for players that are rude.
THEY'RE the people
that should be reported.
And don't say people curse with numbers because they block numbers too.
Roblox does NOT ask for money.
So simply don't let them play them!!
Yes, there are bullies on Roblox.
But there's a little something called LEAVING THE GAME or BLOCKING THE PLAYER that you could do instead of blaming Roblox.
Roblox is not an addicting game, my child has never had any problems managing his time on Roblox.
And if Roblox just isn't the game for your child, DONT BLAME ROBLOX FOR THE FACT THAT YOUR CHILD DOSENT LIKE IT!!!
If you get scared your child is going to encounter a child predator, dont worry, words such as "where do you live" or "whats your number" and Numbers themselves all turn into "###############" .
Also, its super rare for something like this to happen, anyway.
The violence in roblox ISNT EVEN ACTUAL VIOLENCE.
There is no blood, no gore, just your character falling into pieces like lego characters.
There are settings you can change for both account safety and account privacy, one of them can restrict your child's ability to use the in-game chat feature, but that defeats half the purpose of roblox, i suggest only using this if your child has a real encounter with a child predator, creepy person, or your child is very young, like 4 or 5 years old.
CHILD.
So Roblox isnt to blame for games with cartoon violence or iffy stuff in the slightest.
Roblox tries very very hard to moderate their content and karens tend to not care.
It is frustrating to see that all the money that I spent on my son’s account since the beginning, all of it, is gone to the hacker.
The worst part is there is nothing you can do and nobody cares about it.
This is something you have to consider, if you buy robux for your kid he will become a target for hackers
When I considered of allowing my son playing in Roblox, I though about the time he will spend gaming.
Also, I looked into the bulling and inappropriate content practices.
So, if your kid is sensitive it may become a problem.
The real problem is something that is beyond your control.
Since real money involved in getting robux, there are numerous hacking traps for your kid to fall into.
There are clever strategies that hackers use to takeover accounts.
Unfortunately, their response time may exceed several days.
In my case It has been already close to a week as I watch hacker enjoying my son’s account at my expense.
I canceled the premium features, but it will take another month, which means that next month, I will pay to hacker again.
The support feature of Roblox is very sluggish and incompetent.
The problem is the computer used for roblox will get compromised.
Hacking is a world problem and there is no way a kid will be able to stay away from clever practices that work even for adult.
Usually we try to stay away from such websites, but Roblox is a hacker prone environment and they do not care about it.
Pretty good has some inappropriate stuff
Its Not addictive unless u buy them robux.
Dont buy them robux if u want them to be as good as my kids.
If someone swears in chat, Roblox censors the word so that isn't one of my worries.
Although there's many games to play, they often have scammers scamming people especially children.
chat is broken my kids can swear kids stop swearing i remember my  i am sweard and i stoped 15 years old i am 28 and my kid 7 also thers a aduly content bulling scamming but kids study real life how to not get scammed
Dear Parents, from the creators of some roblox games, if you think roblox is a bad game, you should think outta the box because not all of roblox's games are bad, the ROBLOX Staff did not make the games on the front games, it's actually kids/teens/adults that make these games, based on there imagination and you should see the point because ROBLOX is never cause of your review, its your children/teens that make these games, not roblox.
ROBLOX motto is "POWERING IMAGINATION" and if y'all parents think the youtubers are bad influence to your child.
ITS not, they are content creators making content for the entertainment of the person watching, making reviews about the game nor the like it or not, so all parents dont blame roblox you must see what your children/teens are doing in the website, once again dont blame roblox.
I have had my daughter in hysterical tears twice in the last week because her pets were stolen or scammed away from her.
Research online says this is a common problem.
Reaching out to the company is unhelpful as you can only post an issue on a board and you get a response that it will be at least 2 weeks until they get back to you.
Clearly this is an issue which must be addressed, and has not been dealt with yet.
Even before this issue, I was worried about this game as its sole purpose is to trade with other people -- meaning you are constantly involved with other, unknowns online.
I had told myself that as all you were doing was trading animals, and not sharing information, that might be ok -- but it turned out it was not.
Which, while something that is not inherently a problem in an app, does put a parent in a situation of having to monitor and work with their children to decide what kinds of expenditures make sense.
All in all -- the experience in our household with this app has been disastrous and I would recommend parents stay away.
Don’t allow your kids to play it.
Then a couple of days- (not even one week,) go by, I’m getting multiple charges.
I’ve also messaged Roblox direct to have my son’s account terminated and so wasn’t expecting any other charge.
On checking my credit card however I’m finding each time he plays the game now, without my approval it’s repurchasing over and over again to almost the tune of a hundred dollars to date.
And that’s in a matter of days not months.
From what I’ve just read, other users can scam the kids and basically steal from their account.
Update- Not sorted.
Lost around $100.
Robux is a scam and only for those with endless money.
So then I told him to get off but he refuses, I even gave him a new bedtime schdule, but he's still play it.
For my daughters, they play  roblox games that has too much harassments, so they can get a little fight over things.
I have been dealing with an issue with my son’s account for over a week.
Considering the amount of resources we’ve dumped into this game for 4 years when we needed support for just forgetting a password it’s taking over a week and still no resolution!
I am so angry at customer support!!
They claim they respond to issues within 24 hours and it’s all a freaking lie!!!
I hate this game, but my.
They suck!
Instead of Roblox freezing the account and resolving the issue they merely deleted her account without any contact or resolution.
2 days after her account was cancelled they still withdrew $20 monthly subscription fee and refused to refund it.
The customer support is awful and they treat you like they are superior to you.
Lots of inappropriate stuff for kids.
Do yourself a favor and do an internet search on "roblox inappropriate" and see for yourself.
His lego person was bleeding, and being stabbed multiple times.
in the game there were people dating, being inappropriate, and swearing in the chat function.
my child, Micheal, Was stealing my wife's credit card just for "Premium".
Please Warn your kids to either play the Nice games on Roblox or delete it immediately after reading this review.
I have seen some of the bad rewievs like some parents comparing it to call of duty grand theft auto and all of that stuff.
This is not true although there are some game withing the website that may look similiar to call of duty and gta ( short for grand theft auto) it is not anything like it.
In thoose games there is blood spraying you can beat up people and all that bad stuff.
But in roblox there is no blood it s just blocky characters running around.
Sure you can punch somone or kill in roblox but its nothing traumatizing for kids.
There may be other kids saying bad things to your kid but your kid can block them so that they cant contact your kid ever again.
All of the bad rewievs are lying.
Sure kids may get addicted but its not the games fault they are the game is supposed to be fun.
If your kids get addicted thats all on you.
Dont be angry on the game be angry at yourself.
For the people that wrote bad rewievs STOP LYING YOU PROBABLY DIDNT EVEN PLAY THE GAME AND DONT KNOW WHAT IT IS ABOUT.
my child has been crying all over day since this game called anime fighting simulator and ask for robux and this is  the biggest regret
since i agreee with it he buys almost everyday and  i saw a drink that almost looks like beer when they drink they have no reactions like they are immune to them so my child thinks that u can drink alcohols not for kids
Sure, there is some violence and innapropriete content, but every game will have that.
Dont want them playing bad games?
If they are being bullied, block that player.
Roblox censors bad and inappropriate words which can be bypassed but still.
Now Roblox may look innocent, but, some people can find ways to bypass the chat filter and say some pretty bad stuff.
Some games in there is just too ridiculous, for example "con sented" that game contains  too much bad stuff and people get to swear in it.
Roblox also have those gang games some which mange to bypass the roblox filter  and there is a lot of bad stuff in there.
There is also robux scams which tricks kids to enter their password and steal their account.
Sex: In all of my years of playing this game I have never seen anything worse than one idiot saying "your mom's gay" but everybody ignored him, and yes I have played the hospital game that CSM was talking about, and I never ran into anything bad.
Language: actually yes, just about everybody swears and words like "damn and hell" aren't censored but everything else is just a bunch of hashtags.
Illegal things: There are some games out there that focus on being criminals but are nothing more than cops vs. Robbers.
But a few months later, The game got deleted I tried researching What happened for a while,And It seemed the game had got deleted Due to some sort of hack?
She was disappointing as There was no point of her having to spend her currency for what?
So I decided I would email them for a refund, I even had proof of my transactions But they responded with, "Currently we are not able to refund" And that's not a very valid response as This game has been around for a long time!
And lot's of people have complaint Not even a more valid response instead the same reply.
However, some of these games do involve violence, but it is not at all comparable to GTA5.
And some people have found ways to type offensive words.
my only real concern is that your child may stumble upon something you wouldn't want them to see.
this game jailbreak is not violence.
The site incites kids to spend money for almost everything, EVEN CHANGING THEIR USERNAME...Outright abusive.
This business model should be illegal for kids.
Many parents just like me are likely unaware their kids even created an account with Roblox as there are no safeguards to ensure parents are aware (kids can enter their own e-mail in the parent e-mail field....that is it...unacceptable).
The games were so addictive to my daughter and peer pressure from her school friends so strong that unfortunately, one day she stole my credit card to be able to pay for Robux...to buy hairs and stuff for her avatar and access some functions....In talking to roblox customer service asking for a refund, this is a situation they experience EVERY SINGLE DAY without doing anything about it.
My daughter deleted her account - we discussed all the lessons learned for her from this: 1/ Beware of people exploiting other's addictions for money 2/Never join a game /site/app where you must pay to play or win or to change your username and settings 3/Ignore peer pressure 4/Never steal from anyone to satisfy an addiction 5/ denounce abusive sites like this one.
Too Much Swearing My Friend Named AJ Siu Who Just Turned 14 Years Old Not To Mention That It Is A Demon Game It's Worse Than GTA 5 And Shall Be Banned In I As New Mexico
IS NOT NO MORE ROBUX change to robux: deleted 3500 robux for 200$ (with builders club) Builder club deleted and changed with prenium instead to over 100$ per year will be max 25$ per year lees robux also when you buy prenium
Okay, so Roblox would be good for 8+ depending on maturity, because this game has some sexual content but I think you should just report and leave it alone.
They're some people who find cheats to say bad stuff, I would give an example but some kids might be reading.
A lot of parent don't see the truth.
But then I saw people cursing so I told him he cant play anymore.
Just some kids go stealing money from they're parents.
ROBLOX has many scary games, with horror in violence.
Some parents catch them playing this, and make them stop.
One example of a game people hate is "Murder Mystery 2".
It is a game where you have to become a Innocent, Sheriff, or Murderer.
If you don't like them playing it, just simply tell them that if they play those games, they will get in trouble.
And if they don't listen, there will be consequences.
Also, people being sent very horrible images and messages, you can block users on ROBLOX by simple clicking on their profile, clicking the three dots, and finally clicking "Block user".
Also, some people are on the game just to troll.
So if someone says "You noob!
", they could simply mean that you're not that great at the game, because you are new.
Also, I saw another review saying their son cried after playing a ROBLOX training game.
Meaning, if you don't do that, your child will get kicked off the game.
So the next time your child says, "I got kicked off the game for no reason."
“Where Jesus is so angry at a fig tree being out of season, he curses it to death.” – Mathew 21
There is guns, yes,Deal with it.Its your fault your shoving a screen in your childs face.
The chat will filter swear words or other words which could be considered inappropriate.
Roblox also takes down ANY and EVERY inappropriate game.
I expected him to use it for something useful, like an educational game, but instead, he wasted all of the $50 on that card for the in-game currency called "robucks."
I e-mailed the company itself to demand for a refund, however, they didn't do anything about it.
the staff is so heartless.
I hate this game.
I think it’s 8+ because when bad stuff is made it gets taken down.The only problem is that kids can be lured onto other sites where they see bad things.Also don’t let your kid play if they would get traumatized by a Peppa Pig horror game or something similar.
This game has other players that will try and manipulate and bully children.
Once you report it, no action is taken.
I have sent multiple emails only to be shrugged off and told it's not their problem.
No apologies  and no remedies.
I will be removing this game app from my kids devices.
But let's all be honest, bullies and swearing can be found everywhere.
At one point or another your children will get bullied and will learn swears.
Besides there are parental controls that restrict certain content from roblox.
Games might promote violence like murder and bots might scam kids for ROBUX and Roblox premium.
+13 means that the game thinks your child is over 13 and will not filter out much swearing, and safe chat and privacy mode is off.
Some games on Roblox are bad, like Murder Mystery, Survive The Killer, and Piggy.
I advise you not let your child play any of those games.
And the bullying.
I was watching my son play Bloxburg and someone was bullying him saying that he was a "noob."
I advise you don't let your child play violent games.
Okay, this game/platform should not have a rating, considering that it is an online game, and those types of games do not have ratings if it is online.
its so over the top when parents say that their child sent pictures to some weird dude on the internet?
thats not roblox, and thats slander against the company, for saying that.
its not okay because you can't expect the companies like YouTube and Roblox to Babysit your kid.
its not their fault they were exposed to that kind of content, its your fault AS A PARENT to parent your kids.
its not their fault they were exposed to that content, its yours for nor parenting them.
There are some very bad games like a game called  "sented cons" so they can swear.
You should know roblox does not make roblox games.
Here are violent games on roblox and some violent games are popular, The game does not have any sex in it and if it does roblox will ban these games very fast innapropiete images will  not be shown and bad words will be a hashtag and bad words in game titles will be named (content deleted) and users that make games with sex and bad words will have a permament ban.
There is no drinking/drugs and smoking, Games i would avoid for under 12 are: Murder mystery 2, Notoriety, Entry point, Jailbreak, life in paradise(has online dating) and any free robux game because they ask for account information.
If your reading this if you just see a game with has Sex or scams please go to your email and just email roblox like a 100 times okay, If a player swears report them like 2 times or email roblox like a 100 times.
Don't be irresponsible and let your 7-year-old kid play it.
And don't say it's for kids over 18, that's just stupid.
I would recommend to check up on what they're playing whoever, because if your kids purposefully search for inappropriate content, they might find it.
Only downside is that even though it may be free to play, you do have to pay some money for extras such as Robux and ROBLOX premium.
These parents need to chill I’m twelve and I play roblox and I do not think it is that bad here are some reasons why :1 roblox hashtags almost everything you say like you can not say crap or gay and you can not even say numbers.
:2 you CANNOT strip it monitors it and makes it so you are wearing clothes.
:3 you cannot swear you can only say hell.
I think these parents are overeacting ,like if you don’t want them to swear then sit down and talk with them
So..when my 10 years old son has stumbbled across a game called " Roblox " by The Roblox Corporation, I advised my son first that I will inspect the website and saw the violence-based games on the platform.
There is violence but there is no such things as blood.
And then..they DEPLOYED RATS IN THEIR FILES!
And then I stumbbled across SCENTED CON games..filled with profanity, no filter as I think they somehow disabled it.
I quickly reported it and reported all games associated with it.
Roblox's biggest flaw are the people trying to give it a bad reputation as creators of SCENTED CON games from exploiters with scripts 18+ like Hentai, porn..You get the point.
So, it's not that bad..well...compromising accounts, hacking, scamming..Roblox is an unique platform with an intresting playerbase, some of them kind, nice, funny and some of them toxic, racist and mean.
Some games have violence, and a lot of Roleplay games play BF/GF.
I feel that some of it can't be a little violent if they are playing certain games.
So I don't like is she was banned for a few days it says for adult contain she plays the same three or four games she doesn't chat so I don't get what the adult content is.
I guess my thing is they banned for moderation yet their games can be very violent like cops and robbers or piggy she talks about.
Other than online daters there is violence,  and drinking, the drinking is mostly 'grape juice' rather than wine, so it isn't too bad for younger children, the violence is not bad.
Other than violence there is swearing and privacy concerns.
The swearing is like again, not Roblox's fault, and you can easily block people that swear so you can not read their chat.
The privacy concerns, is basically your fault.
Your children are falling for fake 'robux' scams.
It is not Roblox's fault.
All together you only need to worry about your parenting and tell your children the rules of Roblox.
There Is Depression
I’m disappointed and my heart hurts for my child.
Another player raped her character in a bathroom.
My child had her account under 13 and I made well aware of that because when she would log on, I would check because I had recently heard some bad news about this game.
And persisted on dancing her on and inserting moaning comments and saying “give me more, I want more”.
That is disgusting and vile.
My baby cries sometimes about it, it can be traumatizing.
I went through something similar as a teenager and I can see the fear in their eyes.
Just because it happened over a phone doesn’t mean it doesn’t create trauma.
I don’t recommend this game.
Parents should stop lying saying that their child was sent inappropriate videos because you can’t even send videos in the app.
I think that it’s ridiculous that people are falsely review this app.
My daughter only plays with her friends and yesterday showed me a new game she coded I play with her and u can set up restrictions and control what games she play this is also teaching her wrong from right on the internet And I have to say it’s really run except if your child is about 7 years old I don’t recommend any scary games and you can block those too.When you block something u can put a pin and with me the restrictions have always worked and I checked out the website Corp.roblox.com I checked how u s
There can be exploiters who break the code, but they are banned in a few days.
Second, I see parents say the report procedure never finishes.
It's hard to answer so many reports at once.
Roblox is always upgrading more and more, trying to fix these problems.
It's not their fault about stuff like many parents say.
It can happen, but it is against the Terms of Service of Roblox and the moderation team can't get anyone.
It's not Roblox's fault there's exploiters and hackers.
Parents just come in at the wrong time, with the wrong mind.
You should only download this game if you can trust your child not to spend money without permission.
The only downside is that the chat can be inappropriate.
Tell your kids to stay off of games that have blood or other inappropriate content.
Dont Buy anything from Roblox
First of all, if you're celebrating since it downloads software it downloads malware, you're erroneous.
However, the site withal has some imperfections.
It's very facile for younger children to culminate up on phishing sites from bot-accounts made by the owners of those sites.
My daughters account got hacked and the hacker spent $130 of my money on robux but I couldn’t remove my card from the account and had to freeze my card time the bank could sort it out.
Can you say exploitation?
Your kid can spend hundreds of dollars on this game and for what?
Someone is getting rich off the exploitation of our kids.
My 9 year old daughter plays this stupid game and gets bullied all the time.
Other 8 and 9 year olds with their language and threats are very scary for another child.
This game ok sometimes its not great bullies and stuff but your 9 year child can play if she he is responsiblle  but HOW CAN YOU SWEAR TELL ME?!?!?
Roblox is like most kids' games.
Even if the odd curse word makes it through, it isn't much.
Why parents are so annoyed puzzles me.
The game isn't bad, the players who ruin the fun for others are.
Meep city + adopt me = Therapist = Brain Damage.
Not safe for adults.
I didn't chat at all but I got approached twice on Roblox High School and talked to in a horrible way, I got called a noob, I was playing a game where someone had bought a boombox and played a song with the n word and the f word, I saw 'ABC for girlfriend' over the chat, people were roleplaying having depression in Royale High and Meepcity, I saw something about an 'OD squad' in several games, someone said 'giant t*rd' and it didn't censor, someone called trans people disgusting, I saw someone running aroun
Unsurprisingly, my kids cannot play this.
Since roblox is for all ages, your kids might get annoyed by other kids.
Since some online games unfortunately, have bullying, it can ruin your kid's gaming experience.
Robux is quite a issue.
Your kids might get jealous by other kids with robux.
What makes this worse is I have took into account that kids play on their parent's phone.
Some bypassers can make games that revolve around pornography and drugs.
But, their moderation system is quick to banning any inappropriate games,decals,t-shirts,etc.
And going along with adult content, players can talk pretty inappropriate by removing any words or doing a combination can let your non family talk go through.
I seen my child play  some game called life in paradise and      i watched him secretly and and other players  was kissing   and  "other" players are doing sex  roblox is a bad game with the bullies  so  roblox should be  played for 14 and up and i forgot to mention   the scammers want your passward  for your money  Never ever play roblox  unless there 14
Most other parents think this is a bad game.
People age 12 and younger get what is called safechat which disallows many things.
I see your opinion of there being bullies in the game.
I've been playing video games almost my whole life, I experienced the ups and downs of many videos games and roblox is one of them at the start it may have not looked like a kids game because it wasn't well moderated, but now after some time the moderators fixed that and even got to the point where you cant type numbers, some emojis, curse words, and even the word frick.
And yes the game is user generated and theres always going to be that type of person making games that aim for porn but no moderators are pretty quit and will shutdown the game and before uploading an image the mods will also review it and see if its kid friendly.
You may see ads that talk about war or ,"Join this group to get this ___" those are user generated ads they will not take you to any type website and give you a virus and it also blocks the app discord for texting and messages but can be used for many other disgusting things is blocked.
I got really mad and asked them why they did it.
They started Cursing and saying stuff like "Fkuhcjk".
While i was doing this my Son also told me that there is a Report Button that got People Banned / Warned but it doesn't work anymore.
I think they should update the Report Button so People like this don't Play on this Kids Website.
Small kids wont really understand most things.
There are some games that have hugging passionately but roblox Devs will ban them ASAP.
Some people are very rude but thats just some people and there is no swearing.
There are too many free robux websites but roblox cant fix google.
There are players on roblox that try to swear but roblox bleeps it out with a # so kids cant see it.
There is a friending in the game i would only let your kids friend people that you know or they know in real life.
You can also block players you dont like such as bullys.
But there are some games (Arsenal, PF, MadCity or Jailbreak) that are a bit violent, there is no blood, It is just the character decomposing, like LEGOs.
Then, the scammers...
Ah, one more thing, Do not fall for those parents saying Roblox has pornos or Pedos inside.
It is just not true.
The blur out numbers, and curse words.
I saw in another review "a topless logo man" that's stupid.
Its just plain skin color over a lego type body.
I am not an adult but a kid and I hate it when the news says Roblox is a something along the lines of, "Roblox is a game full of pedos out to get children," and other things like that.
However, if you not careful you can see various things that are very inappropriate.
STAY AWAY FROM THAT GAME!
The security in it has never been fixed therefor it can be hacked and have violent content inside of it because of hackers.
Too much bullying solution go to another server prob solved.
Oh the devs dont read the reports just because they have lives
doesnt mean they dont care
(Let’s start out by saying I am an eleven your old kid but for some reason it would only let me sign up if I was registered for common sense media as an adult.)
I think you need to know how responsible and mature your kid is before downloading this app.
If you look hard enough on roblox you can find porn games that get banned in about a day.
)Some people (online daters) the most annoying people on this planet can be very inappropriate.
Also let your children keep low profile, and dont buy alot of "Robux" cause children may get manipulated into inserting their private information in exchange in better items or more "Robux" or.. free "Premium" just.. don't do it.
Now we get into the second part... the community, it's filled with people, or younger audiences who may swear with mispelled swearwords.. it oftenly appears on game known as: "The Streets" It's focused about being a "Ro-Gangster", shooting everyone else.
This game has trolls, bullies, all sorts of stereotypes.
Be careful of games who have alot of bad stuff.
People walking with dildos, or people killing over and over again, it's the exploiter, a local 13 y/o playing with their Lua scripts.
They have taken over $80 and I’ve even turned off ALL of my Apple subscriptions and they are still charging me and will not refund what they’ve taken 3 days ago after asking for a refund.
When my son first played roblox, i thought the game was really bad and make your children's brain rot but when i tried it myself, i like it.
My kid cannot type numbers or swear words in the chat.
So it's almost impossible to give private information.
I was mad few minutes ago just because i lost my account,i was stupid,this game is for kids,teens,adults,and for even elders(i think for elders) I recommend this game for everyone,keep out from oders (Online Daters),
Hackers,Scammers
Mostly Online Daters,because you don't know who is on other side!
Yes you heard me right, MISTER STEAL YOUR MANS I was absolutely shocked to see this in my son's favorite game list on roblocks!
I will not let my son play such terrible violenceing games!
Also I joined this island life place on roblocks and it had people being shirtless, kissing, typing inappropriate stuff via replacing letters with numbers, and having stuff like "demon/devil/killer" in their name descriptions!!
I do not want my son playing such a game that allows this stuff

How dare the roblocks Had Mens allow this?!
Very not appropriate!
DO NOT LET YOUR KIDS PLAY
But in roblox today I seen people kicking/banning people in server more no reasons,fights happen,swearing,and sex games and robux scams and hackers, Back in 2012 it was not like that it more a peaceful community in roblox and everyone was happy but now there smart mouth people ruining the game.This called cyber bullying and someone has gotta report it gets worse.
However, there are some violent games here, so make sure to monitor your child.
Yes, Roblox can be a money suck.
If your child at least has the common sense of a hamster, they won’t exchange private info with random players, not that roblox’s smart censoring systems even allow them to.
I mean come on.
What decent parent would allow their children to play some of the few shooters on the platform in the first place?
The four swears Minecraft Multiplayer will censor (IF the server’s creator added such a function) won’t stop your children from exchanging their real names, or their addresses, or prevent one person from calling them stupid.
And if your advice was meant in reference of the single player aspect of Minecraft, why did you even bother to allow your kids who have the self directory of a potato to play online user based games at all?
I Just Dont Like Trollers...... Or Lag.
I am really disappointed as my child told me that someone in the server had some weapons.
And I bet there was smoking in it to.
Plus they stole 40p of me because my kid put his password on one of roblox's games and stole his money.
All filthy online daters
I don't know what's up with all these other families saying this is a "DEMON GAME",  people leave fake reviews saying you cant reset your password (you can, obviously), saying kids learn swearing from the site(all bad words are in hashtags) and also, people get bullied too much (possible).
They make it hard to cancel any chargers or supscriptions.
Also hard to get any info or contact anyone.
Anybody who says that there kid has been raped on there is true.
However, Its the parents fault for not teaching there kids this stuff.
At the end of the day, Roblox could be dangorous but it can be easily prevented.
way too much violence like jailbreak or prison life encourages the use of guns and plenty of 18+ games.
my child unknowingly joined one of the 18+ games and it scarred my child for like.
theres also so much swearing.
if your a parent do not let your child play this game it is  so violent and filled with scams, 18+ games, drinking, and swearing
The only real problems are botted users that my son's nickname for them is "Scam Bot's"  there basically botted users on the platform bypassing the "Filter" (which is ROBLOX's filtering of inappropriate words on the platform, these bots have bypassed this and they put unsafe links on games which if your child is like 7 years old, he/she could fall for it, so warn your child about that, alright here I am for my title, a few parents/children have lied about the Platform saying that they have seen pornographic
Then they started making very DISGUSTING AND VIOLENT games such as 'Bloody Mary'.
There is a TON of consumerism so BE CAREFUL!
The game might contain scenes that will encourage kids to hold knives, or other violent themes, guns and deaths, ALL THAT!
The game is not as bad as it may seem yes your child could 
Have been sent porn but I'm sorry hes probable already
Looked it up by the point where he wants to play roblox 
And if your dumb parenting leads to your child getting a
Virus then shame on you I will be honest I thought 2 years ago
It would be 6+ but now there are a tad bit more oders
But that's it anything that's in roblox your child has heard or has 
Seen more explosive stuff at school.
If you do not feel comfortable about your child playing Roblox, they have account restrictions, pins, and more.
I don't want my son to grow up and be a criminal and escape prison and shoot people and have a bad record.
I expect my son to graduate and finish college, not commit crimes!
It's a good game great game BUT I am 59 play with grand daughter and me my age was invited to a game from a year long friendship and my avatar was RAPED!,,  I have been cussed with the F. .word ....
I have had them try to trick me to (password  a kid would have fallen for).
I make games well play in studio don't make but have run into some not so good for children situations.
I Have been talked to in a very pornographic way.
I have been in a lot of games some made me sick to my stomach.
The graphics and horrid things happening .
All in all roblox is not to blame  THEY DO NEED TO RATE GAMES AS WE RATE MOVIES .
PARENTS NEED TO LOCK ACCOUNT DOWN TO PRIVATE CHAD AND VI SERVERS AND GAME DEVELOPERS NEED TO REMEMBER WHAT AGE GROUPS THEY HAVE  CHOPPED OFF HEADS, DYING JENKINS COMING BACK TO LIFE TO GET BEAT TO ALMOST DEATH EACH TIME WITH REALISTIC BODY MOVIES OF A DYING PERSON IS A NO NO NO, NOT GOOD FOR ADULTS , I could go on on on on with things and ways to help game be better, once again ROBLOX IN GENERAL IS GREAT , THE DEVELOPERS NEED TO BE TALKED TO AND AGE RATE GAMES ,
Ugh.
I know everything there is from Violence to Language.
ROBLOX prevents most of the curse words but sometimes people sneak curses into words.
For example they say you’re a SHITzu.
Sometimes people get around being blocked by putting spaces in between bad words or put 0’s instead of O’s.
People also give violent messages by bullying or just insulting people with every word they can think of.
There is also violence in ROBLOX.
If a game is out of hand ROBLOX will remove it from the website.
If a user breaks 3 rules they get banned.
So you’re kid can’t exactly learn curse words from the website.
Just be aware that there can be hurtful or violent messages.
Every character in the game looks like a LEGO figure.
Violence - Use of cartoony weapons in certain worlds.
Roblox's information for parents says that all uploaded images, video, and audio files are reviewed by moderators before being allowed on the site, but at least one user reported that she's seen characters "rape" other characters, and videos of avatar sexual assaults occurring on the site can be found on YouTube.
Sexual acts aren't visually shown, but the surrounding dialogue and images of characters being held against their will are reminiscent of this violent abuse.
Minor Language - Although the company claims to monitor and prevent inappropriate language with safe chat, users have reported open rooms and games that can expose players to inappropriate comments.
If people were saying hastagged comments in your game, that doesn't mean that they were swearing.
The chat filter censors any words it doesn't recognize, so for all you know, they just misspelled something.
The worst word you can say if your are under 13 on the site is "hell".
These games are literally impossible to find, believe me, I went looking once to see what all the fuss was about.
It mostly occurs in the game "MeepCity", though the game isn't meant for sex, players (Typically people on alternate accounts who just wanna cause trouble) sometimes attend large parties and put on suggestive outfits, have sex, etc.
But your child can easily avoid these, and if they are caught up in that kind of thing, it's because they intentionally became part of it.
There are always people who will try to do this kind of thing, and if you don't want your children exposed to it, then turn off their chat.
There is a chat filter, and it can be bypassed, for example, my friend and I figured out that you can just say "$h!t" in place of the actual word, but eventually it was removed from chat.
The report system is unreliable, but if you report someone out of game (Go to their profile and click report), they have a chance of being banned.
A lot of people complained about bullying and being called a noob (An obnoxious short for newbie) due to not spending money.
that won't get you harassed.
People claim that being bullied online made their children cry, but if your child is so fragile that being called a noob emotionally scars them, then they shouldn't be using the internet at all.
If it gets to the point where they become so spoiled that all they do is beg for robux (My little brother, for example), then take away the app or make them do work for robux.
The game has a lot less bullying and trolling and dating than other games, because less people want to get banned from something they payed real money for.
By the way, this review was written by an almost-thirteen-year-old, but I wish that people wouldn't treat children as inferior or take them less seriously on these things.
Hi am John and I let my children on this game and it's horrible.
Violent language and naked Lego figures were walking around.
My son played a game with natzies and people shouting WHAT THE F### IS THIS and people not using grammar and I bought my son and daughter 400 roux each and it did not take my details off and I saw transactions of 10000 roux being bought which is 100 pounds so don't let your kids play it
WHO WOULD WANT THEIr KID TO DO THAT??!?
This is just terrible
Just deal in the fact that Robux (currency) is overpriced.
A lot of people swear and cuss a lot because of one little thing.
Some games have guns (Jailbreak, Asnenal, etc)  and bloody images and faces (Mansion, Hotel, etc).
I Think Too Much Violence, And Much More
Many parents seem to make ROBLOX out to be this terrible site for children and that it is not kid friendly.
However, in reality, none of that is true if you just follow the right steps and set up your child's account for them instead of having them do it themselves.
This will make it harder for hackers to log into the account.
ROBLOX Customer Service can be somewhat stressful when coming to terms with recovering a hacked account or handling billing issues.
Realize that a hacker will do anything to keep a ROBLOX account in their possession for as long as possible.
So they will make fake reports against you or your child and accuse them of hacking.
Everybody is saying Roblox is terrible and scary, my two oldest sons have played it since they were like four!
If you don't want your kid to see bad things and stuff, you put in your real birthday and they will get safe chat.
Its automatically its not your choice even.
If your kid is 13 or older they won't get safe chat!
Yes there are some games where there is REALLY bad stuff but they automatically get deleted!
If your child comes across these games and you catch them I strongly suggest you make sure they don't play roblox anymore.
Without safety things turned in obviously it’s very bad for you g kids but now my kids are safe online
Yes, there are some violent games but you can just tell your child not to play those.
There is a chat filter so if someone says something bad it gets censured yet there are some ways to bypass it.
And if you still don't trust your kid on the site then just monitor your child while they are playing video games.
You cannot send images through chat.
You guys with the fake reviews are silly, this site is safe.
I have seen a few spammers, but they are easy to report to the developer, not once have I seen sex chat or adult pics.
You people are just bored and hateful.
Roblox is bad cuz they don’t know ya y’all y’all liken robux cuz dominus to expensive price Ike mil obit
Certainly not for kids as my kids at school found out.
Too much violence, swearing, online dating etc.
These kid called Kreekcraft and username even says it's for kids when it's clearly not as I stated.
Not sure why Roblox just makes it a 18+ game because that's what it should be.
Very inappropiate for kids and I would avoid it

Furthermore, as I am a teacher, I have found some kids who don't do their school work and homework becasue they are too busy playing Roblox, even their parents can't watch them 24/7.
Too addictive and I would limit on how long your child plays Roblox.
My 10 year old was watching someone named "Kreekcraft" and he was play some game called "Jailbreak" and he was killing people for MONEY.
So i told my son get off that video don't let ur kid play this stupid game!
There is a lot of toxic players but there is also a feature where you can block.
TADA now they cant see their messages.
and if you don't want your kids playing a game and they play that game do not blame ROBLOX tell them next time if you see them playing that game punish them.
Roblox is money grabbing.
They took away events and Tix, which was great for my daughter as I didn't want to pay real money for Robux or to purchase clothing.
Games are not that good either.
What's the point in playing a game where you do the same thing each time?
I think some youtubers are sometimes hyping their favourite games, only to be disappointed with the updates.
So,this game is basically the best,sure,it has other violent,apocalyptic games,roleplay games that are meant for 13+,families,expect swearing and...."rape" culture,pft,funny how much you guys think that's it.
Roblox is not a game for kids.
It involves violence.
Then she met bullies and she went up crying to me.
Only roblox has hackers and scammers, its pay to win, trolls that bypass the chat, and too much violence.
Make them not join violent games and tell them not to fall for scams.
THIS GAME IS SOOOO BAD, MY SON PLAYED A GAME CALLED JAILBREAK WITH MYUSERNAMESTHIS,THEN AFTER THAT MY SON SAID THAT HE KEEPS ON IGNORING HIM, ALSO THERES A LOT OF PEOPLE THAT KEEPS ON SAYING YOUR "GAE",AND "IM GAE", AND ALSO MY SON KEEPS ON SAYING "HEY DAD I NEED ROBUX AND PREMIUM, I NEED TO PAY MYUSERNAMESTHIS SO I CAN PAY HIM OUT"
Later in the day I heard him shout "Die" and other inappropriate words, I decided to take a look what he was grumpy about and on his recently played section i saw "Phantom forces" and "GTA Blox city" And he asked me for "Roblox Money" As known as, Robux I immediately uninstalled the game from the family computer and put a more complex password on his account.
I do not recommend this game to ANYONE under 18.
The community is trash and most people you meet in roblox is either rude or just annoying.
Every time my son plays this game he always tells me about how people hack and ruin games what have an objective to do a certain task.
All in all I wouldn't recommend this game to children below 10.
Not because they can't handle it.
For all the parents who is complaining about Roblox:

If your child is seeing some gruesome scenes, innappropriate stuff, swearing, bullying, etc.
You should not ground them harshly, just talk to them nicely and tell them not to play those games and block those who are bullying in Roblox.
Roblox does not read reports through game.
So my daughter played this game and saw a youtuber, who she said is kreek-craft who called salad hair stinky and police having no lives.
She used this on real cops and the police told me off.
Could've been worse as I could have been arrested.
She also hates salads really much and thinks people's looks are very important.
Roblox should do better to protect our kids.
Prevent playing the game that is unsuitable for kids, get rid of this bacon v salad thing because youtubers ruin it.
Avoid at all costs.
Thankfully I caught him before he took too much of my hard earned money.
Your kids could be up to no good.
The game is very disturbing because the small lego men die and are dismembered.
I will not let my child play this in my christian household ever again!
but it does have its down sides that can affect you and your son.
which my son always whants.
and there is hacking.
dont take away roblox.
so just let your son at least 1 or 2 weak days.
i’ve been reading these reviews from other parents and i’ve seen a lot of parents say roblox has cursing, violence, and scams.
i am aware this is true but there are many ways you can prevent your child from seeing these things.
roblox has chat filters which doesn’t let anyone curse yet sometimes kids are able to use numbers to make out curse words.
if you don’t want your child to see these curse word then you are able to get a safe chat.
a lot of parents complain about their child spending money on the game or getting scammed.
if you don’t want your child to spend money on the game simply say no, and the only way your child can get scammed or hacked is if they give out their password.
I have been playing roblox for long time  the moderation/report management/control system etc sucks I tried to report someone for harassment on me and my friends and they dont care about what people say and no wonder why cant they get it right -_-
it can be a good game But also a bad one PEOPLE PRENDING TO BE BOYFRINDS AND GIRLFRINDS AND PEOPLE ASKING FOR PERSONL INFORMATION
Yes there might be swearing and online daters,  just tell your son/daughter IF they ever see a bully, a online dater, or even some people swearing  tell your kid to leave the game that he or she is play another game like adopt me.
ROBLOX might have a lot of bad but also good.
I saw one review that said that it was 18+ because they die and fall apart.
(Also they called them Lego boys XD) Honestly they make a funny sound when they die, and there are a lot of kids games where you can die, like, you would SOOOO hate Minecraft, and even I think Minecraft is fun, so you are soft.
They have a filter for inappropriate language, and the only questionable usernames I’ve seen are like “poopybutt14” and stuff like that, like funny stuff.
There are scammers, but most of them are SO fake.
You all think its Roblox's fault for all these inappropriate games.
It's not Roblox's fault it's the people on Roblox.
Roblox is not making the games its the people on Roblox.
This game needs you to buy something called Robux or Builder's club with real money or you can't get items for your avatar, it doesn't like it said in the AD be anything you can image, and lots of people are online dating in the game such as life in paradise.
So I have Roblox and I don't think it's for younger kids because people swear on it it isn't Robloxs fault some people just let Thier kids on it and just don't care what they do about 6 times i have seen someone swear jailbreak is a great game it's just that someone time when a player gets arrested they swear at other people using number and letter and space bars to say swears the game is brilliant in many ways you make friends and you can chat to them help them play the game and once someones your friend t
You may think after browsing this site, "Roblox is not for kids!
Yes, there are games with violence, but you can just choose to not play them!
Now you may be saying that there's language, well, the filter can never fix everything, and no matter what, someone will bypass it.
Although you can report a player for swearing, and they will most likely be banned.
Just report them and leave the server!
There will always be someone, somewhere, doing something innapropriate.
but it is concerning sometimes for children.
sometimes i see people swear in my sons roblox game.
and there is violent games for example your goal for a game called "Jailbreak" Is to escape prison, rob banks and other stores, and kill cops.
which concerns me sometimes.
BAD DONT PLAY!
While it is true, that most of the parents have a point it can be addictive, It is not directly the fault of ROBLOX that their children don't have a good interaction with their parents over Roblox.
There are multiple groups out there that at certain points tell you or your child indirectly "Hey, There's nothing else to do right now.
I wish my parents did that with me when I was that age, but they were always too busy and now I still hold that fact over them.
Moderation, I agree, isn't the best but when you take into account that Roblox has about (at the time of this post)  178 *million* accounts, moderators can't read every single report as quickly as you'd like.
Moderators are not robots, please do not treat them as such.
While I agree the platform could use less pay to play aspects, the majority of the platform is free to play unless you want to buy robux or premium membership for your child, and if you think you can just google "free membership/free robux" then it does not work that way.
Even if you use an external site to buy cheaper robux, like V3rmillion, you still run the risk of getting scammed by a user that's not trusted in the community.
If you're one of those parents talking about how the website gets "Hacked constantly", Let me explain how you're wrong.
Please do report these people using the report button, I do promise you that exploiters do get removed from using the platform.
I hope I could lay out all the points I saw people complaining about.
The game is just to inappropriate for kids 
I went on to my daughters account and saw that she was making friends with people that she didn’t now in real life, also i joined a game called (How to make friends in life and how to get a good education and good grades) now that just pushing it to far I mean what parent would want any of those terrible things for there children.
And you can say mean words in the game chat and they won’t even get blocked, one player was wearing a t-shirt that said ( 2+7=?
THIS GAME IS WAY TO INAPPROPRIATE FOR A CHILD THATS UNDER THE AGE OF 18.
Especially if they can’t properly read.
There is no profanity in chats, Roblox censors them, and in some games, you may escape a prison, rob banks, steal cars, but this has no effect on my child, it is simply a way for them to be imaginative.
There is also an in-game currency called robux,  this is something you purchase with real money, but it is very hard for children to get a hold of, they need to put in your address, credit card number, CVC, a child probably knows nothing about that, so how could they waste money?
Well I don't play that much anymore because of random removals.
I tried to get my son, my daughter out of the house and spend time together but all they want to play is ROBLOX.
they didn't look happy, more full of... cringe?
and honestly, I wasnt looking for that as well since I need to be responsible around the house, but I never got to hang out with my kids so I just left dinner, since my husband could do it for today.
I mean kids will swear one day or another, it's just how life goes, I am not ready for my kids to swear so I turned their chat disabled.
they usually play this weird pizza game, so they never communicate anyways.
The chat hashtags most curse words, but some people have found ways to bypass it like
t
h
i
s.
Otherwise it is the one of the best video games out there.
If you find an unfair player there is a report abuse button.
I think this game is bad ONLY if the child chooses specific games and swearing is possible , there are ways to write the word so tags don't work so be careful this game is innapropiate so is tiktok but i still see kids using it and i see 5 year olds with phones so its weird so do not allow children to play it
Yes, there is some swearing, but it will be cut out with # and you can report them, leave the game, or MONITOR YOUR CHILD!!!!!
All "Bad Games" will be taken down by Roblox.
Bulling is not a problem as long as you MONITOR YOUR CHILD!!!!!
NO, Roblox will not scam you!!!
Please, just MONITOR YOUR CHILD if you are worried!
There have been reports of users thwarting the chat and exchanging inappropriate/predatory messages with young players; some kids have also been exploited by predators through the site.
Despite Roblox's efforts at policing itself, including human moderators, digital-civility rules, and other measures, it’s dogged by users with bad intentions, both on the site and off, such as on YouTube, where users upload inappropriate Roblox game clips.Kids can obtain Robux, the in-game currency, by selling game passes, which give players special perks and abilities in games; signing up for a paid Builders Club subscription, which also allows you to sell shirts and other items for a profit; or by purchas
Purchased thousands of dollars in Robux over the years and then suddently Roblox deleted her account.
They have no one asnwering their phone and email and the account and all of that money is gone for good.
Keep your kids away from this money trap.
Oh, and lots of inappropriate people and situations that take place on this site, including online dating.
Child predators like Euphoros are terminated now.
Roblox is CRAZY with the moderation.
And almost everything is censored.
And Robux Scams are not a thing anymore!
And Robux costs money!
Oh my god, deal with it!
If your child is under 13 it will have a stricter chat filter, which words such as "Gay, Lesbian, idiot, stupid, ass" will be censored, and pretty much every swear word is censored.
There can be some pornographic games on Roblox, they'll usually pop up now and then but the titles of the games are usually "con_sents" or "sents_con" If you do play Roblox, look out for scammers, they will say "tell me your password for robux"
Yes ROBLOX is flawed in many ways, but it's the internet there are bound to be rude and disrespectful people.
They cannot restrict it to a certain part of people, if they did it would make it unfair.
You can't keep people from playing, the admins/moderators take action only if you report people and if they see someone breaking the guidelines in-game.
(To report someone on  ROBLOX  click  Report Abuse) If someone is harassing you're child or you leave the game and report them under the CORRECT category, there is NO WAY a man can get you're location unless you're child gives them it.
(this includes iplogging and clicking on suspicious sites.)
ROBLOX Moderators know about robux scams.
If you don't like roblox that's  O.K but try and remember it's the Internet, every game has it's pros and cons.
I have played ROBLOX since 2016 and let me tell you: “Their are some inappropriate things on the site BUT all of them are easy to avoid them.” Their is literally a report button next to almost everything you need to report!!!
So please don't be freaking out about ROBLOX.
Shooters can be bloody but  they can easily be avoided so don't overreact when you find your kids playing it.
I think anyone who criticizes this game should kill themselves
I looked at what people were saying in the chat, Someone was like your se*** and someone was cussing a lot.
I dont think your child should get it.
(Builers Club) And the reviews with ''Swear words'' in ROBLOX is not true.
You can only swear if ROBLOX filter doesn't detect it and there are some sex games witch you can only find by typing in a pesific name in the games search.
There are only a few bad things but they get banned.
Any world in roblox can be hacked cuz i made a world then few days later it had weird messages that kept popping up nonstop.
UPDATES are horrible!
Other parents & toxic kids are raging over ROBLOX, and have NO IDEA people do ROBLOX as jobs on YouTube lol
But...the whole thing is ruined by bullies, who infect every level of the community.
Roblox is TOXIC!
I've seen kids get told to kill themselves, called horrible things like r*tard and f*ggot and unfortunately, the general attitude is indifference.
When confronted, these bullies seem completely unrepentant.
The "Report" feature does nothing.
In fact, another feature that has ruined this game is the "vote to kick" feature.
However, I've many times seen it used to harass and threaten: A group of bullies will join a game and kick out anyone who tries to stop their rude behavior.
It's pretty horrible.
This game is not appropriate for elementary students at all.
I fee like I have failed my daughter because I didn’t know how bad this game was.
She is 9 and it has ruined her life.
I had no idea of the sex and violence this game had and after she came forward due to her guilt and started telling me of all of the specifics in tears I am enraged.
I may need to get her therapy because of this game and I only blame myself.
All I can say is BEWARE PARENTS and don’t let this happen to your child.
My daughter has said to me she believes she has lost her innocence and that is truly heartbreaking.
I am sick about the money I gave her for this game.
Awful.
The game makers haven’t seemed to have the will to do the right thing and protect kids from being scammed.
My daughter worked for months to get a certain pet in one game and in a matter of minutes she fell victim to a fake trade and lost everything she’d earned.
Maybe a good life lesson but seems unethical at the cost of padding game developer’s bank accounts.
Roblox is a multiplayer website with very BAD games.
my 9 year old child wanted my permission to play this STUPID game.
me, so dumb enough, let them play it.
10 minutes later, I checked on them and they were playing inappropriate games with violent actions, bypassing messages, and disturbing images and places!!!!!!!!
DO NOT LET YOUR CHILD PLAY THIS GAME IN FACT, DO NOT LE T THE WHOLE FAMILY PLAY IT ITS BADDDDDD!!!
Roblox may seem really innocent on the surface, but oh I assure you, surprisingly, in a game where you literally play as a sentient lego, there is subcultures which could harm your child's innocence.
You can find these creepy online daters literally anywhere in online games.
Condos usually get shut down within a ten minute time span by moderators, however, if a child is brought to a condo by another player, or happens to find one by chance, their innocence will be tainted.
There are also people who know how to cheat the system in a game to transport you to a room only to show a rape animation.
There's also the game called the streets where you can knock people out with knives, guns, and fists, and then stomp on them to kill them off.
But then, at the same time there are those people that cyber-bully that call you stupid, swear, say offensive things about religion and race, even if Roblox tries its best to hashtag out swearwords and possibly offensive words.
If u search up a bad/innapropriate word in the 'search games' area, likely hood is something bad will come up... thanks for reading if you came this far!
There are predators and exploiters everywhere.
Some games do involve violence, but they are mostly just cartoons that are no different from a kids TV show.
From my experience, there are no games on roblox that would even warrant higher than a PG13+, and if there is they are most likely breaking TOS and will be taken down after Roblox does a review of it.
What they do is they will take something down, whether a game or decal, etc and put it in the "review state".
This means regular users can't see what that item was, and if it is a game they won't be able to play it and will be presented with a message that says "This place is currently undergoing review" or something to that effect.
If it is deemed to be breaking TOS, they will remove it and depending on what it broke, the creator will either be warned, temporarily banned or in some cases, straight up have their account deleted.
Roblox's moderation team is very quick to react and punish anything or one that breaks their TOS.
The reporting system roblox has in place allows a user to report a player that could be either scamming, bullying/harassing or breaking many other different rules.
Roblox's censorship system, is the worst joke I have ever seen.
It censors many words, including the vast majority of swear words and the like, yet they can't get them all as new ones are created all the time.
The issue is Roblox appears to use a Contextual Based Algorithm that will work out anything else that should be censored that may be deemed offensive or inappropriate.
This Algorithm though gets it wrong majority of the time, and will censor a lot of simple everyday words and sayings, e.g.
This may not seem like a big deal, but this system causes a lot of frustration, as you often have to work around it to have a simple conversation about say what level you are in a RPG on roblox, or if you say do something "as well" as someone else.
Some players have also got such a handle on how this system works out the context, that it even allows them to bypass it and say highly sexual stuff.
Continuing with the negatives, a very minuscule part of the community is toxic, nothing you can do about that unfortunately.
This does include uploading forbidden content, that is sexual or predatory in nature.
I think its great all of you other people are WRONG!!
It also helps him talk to people 5 STARS only normies would give it a 1.... pathetic
I grabbed the console and went straight to here, lots of swearing, and violence with swords.
I've seen the chat, and its usually not good.
The game introduces some bad things that kids should not know about.
Like sex, drugs, abuse, harassment, and more!
I recommend children 8 and under (The young ones) should be restricted from using the chat at all.
Take the word: Crap.
Now take real live stuff, like abuse.
Some examples are: ''You stupid idiot.
Also, that also counts as bullying.
I've encountered teens who would bully me and make fun of me, they would usually harass me on a kids site.
First of all, why would you say nobody should play it?
Clearly your children are Online Daters, we people and my son has been trolling them, for ages.
They could be AFK or the player spawned in, some games mods are bad.
You parents actually stupid to think that people write addresses but tags it out.
AND TO ALL FREAKISH ENTITLED PARENTS WHO WANTS ROBLOX BANNED LOOK AT THE ROBLOX YOUTUBERS, CLEAR SENSE IN YOUR HEAD.
I've now removed the game completely.
Although there is one option to filter content this then turns the messaging part off making the app useless.
It needs much better moderation, far more granular filtering and the ability to remove games that are inappropriate.
In short don't bother until they sort it out.
On Adopt me a group of kids are telling my granddsughter to kill herself!
How do I report this!
I have been playing this game for a bit over 6 years now, I just think over protective parents are giving this game a bad rep.
This is the real world there is cussing violence and people saying or doing inappropriate things everywhere you go, it’s not realistic to expect “Roblox” which is a online platform where billions of users worldwide that go on here to not be inappropriate in some way.
Don’t try to hold roblox responsible for things that may or may not happen on the platform, as a parent it’s your job to make sure your child is safe right so if your letting your child who’s not mature enough to handle the real world on a online platform then it’s your fault if something bad happens.
Ironically it’s your children who are the ones cussing and saying explicit things on roblox.
Wake up this is the real world humans are vulgar creatures even children, stop acting like your living in a bubble.
Nowhere is safe including the internet too
The community is a Dumpster Fire and a waste of time, the games are either Simulators ran by idiots trying to abuse the Ideology of Capitalism for profit en masse, and Jailbreak clones.
The Ads are abused by scammers and money-hungry children to get money.
CHAPTER 2: Ouch.
Avoid these.
Toxic children everywhere.
I get a kick, personally, on kinkshaming little kids.
Too many idiots and goons.
Roblox is a game that may be bad at some times but it is mostly good all the other reviews of bad stuff is because there not monitoring there kids there are some games like da hood which have violence or guns or knifes and don’t make your child’s account over 13 if there not if your account is over 13 it have safe chat and if it’s under 13 it has even more safe chat there are people who break the rules but just leave and join another server there are micro transactions but just limit them and there fine
ok so many people think thank roblox has a lot of violence.. then what about Minecraft and fortnite?
u parents are screaming on top of your lungs I have an nephew whose age is 8 I don't think its bad bcuz I helped him to open a account u can just change the date of your child's birthday so the curses bypass would not affect them even numbers
It has way to much money because he asked for Robloxbucks But the "Super Value" where there is something that is $200 But I'm not concerned about the players because everyone on there is nice and there are some hackers its ok.
And if you say no it often leads to tears.
It must cost us hundreds of pounds a year.
Best to not download it in first place.
VERY DUM DUM ISW WAKED IN MIUYY KUDD         HE SSS WASDSS PLATYAUI VEYR SHSOOOT GAMMN WYHY WOUL ROADBLOX DOODO DISIS GAMMMM DDISS SVEEEY BADDDAD DOOOOT PLALALY
Hello, as I saw all the negative reviews on here I'd like to give my own opinion.
Yes, there is violence, but in no way will it make your kid anymore violent, It's literally just LEGOs fighting each other.
If your child is encountering the recent wave of predators that have started to use Roblox, just block them.
There is a feature where you can block someone and they can not speak to you or see what your doing ever again.
Overall, Roblox has its flaws but the magic it once to us as a kid sadly isn't replicated nowadays due to its social media-esque redesign.
Okay, first of all the catalog is extremely too expensive!
This is 2019 it would be nice for a lot of the older hats to come back for 2 robux and the reason I say this is because the "free" items in the catalog make your avatar look terrible I am not going to sit here and lie.
Also, I understand that removing Guests was apart of "removing exploiters" but you don't realize Guests are what made this game Roblox..
Honestly I think everyone is ready to get rid of these tags your team tags everything that isn't bad, but I can understand you blocking out cursing I mean you should of done this back in 2015!
2015, was the year of destruction, exploiters, and sexist..
I hope everyone reads this because it has got down to the point   kids can't have fun no more!
You just put the entire site into danger as I've seen other players use that to sexually harass, troll someone..
This game use to be for players 8+ but now that I have written my post it should at least be for 16+ Roblox has fallen a lot.. People still complain about your team trying to make roblox into a realistic game using meshes and other dumb stuff.. ROBLOX WAS FOUNDED TO BE A COPY OF LEGOS!
NOT MESHES, OR RTHRO YOU GET RID OF THE BLOCKY PACKAGES YOU WILL LOOSE A WHOLE BUNCH OF PEOPLE BECAUSE THAT IS WHERE THIS IS HEADING!
So don’t worry don’t delete the app if you see a scammer just block and report the scammers.
also you can sometimes cheat to swear but I hate it how the monitors monitor numbers like is you say one or 1 it will look like ### or #.
Also I know your sick of me now I promise this is the last thing.
You may think this is to violent but I don’t.
So whenever your characters blows off, jumps into lava,falls from a high place in some games,or just die your character will say OOF!
my childs account got banned for nothing, the moderation of roblox is really bad, they sayed: Your account has been deleted for creating, promoting, or participating in inappropriate behavior or content.
This is a violation of our Terms of Use.
hes 12 years old and didnt do this, roblox says : your account got banned correctly
They are fake, These are just parents who didnt teach they're kids enough in online safety.
And even kids pretending to be adults becuase they are mad they couldnt get robux or they got scammed or something around those lines.
Violent Games- Games are not made by Roblox, They are made by players.
Its false.
If they do try to kick things up a notch, it will get tagged.
( show up in "#" and wont be readable. )
And if they do manage to sneak some things into it, They will find there account suspended for up to 3 days.
Anything else is not allowed.
Child preds- The wrongest thing on here.
It is no where near true.
Even report them if you feel its serious.
So dont go talking about Roblox if anything has happened to your child.
It is simply because you haven't educated them enough in online safety, And you didnt care to take a look at their screen every once in a while.
Bullying- Yes.
Bullying is here.
This is the internet and even adults get bullied on social media, So if adults will do it, Im not surprised our kids are doing it.
We cant get mad at Roblox or even any game out there for not protecting our children bullying is everywhere.
Hacks/Scams- Yes there are players that are bots, But dont worry, they are not trying to steal your personal info, Its the account they are after.
There are ways to fix this, simply report the player, spread the word around about the bots ( lots of kids on there are doing this and is warning others to be careful ).
I also seen some parents going way out on this hacking thing and saying they can hack into your computer/internet.
Another false.
Roblox is un-hackable.
You cant even hack for robux that easy.
Most videos out there saying they did are even fake.
Im not sure where parents get the whole "nudes" thing from this game.
Only thing i can think of is the ads not by Roblox.
WARNING TO ALL CHILDREN!
There are a bunch of idiot parents attempting to take down roblox web
Roblox despite not good still takes care with its under 13 system!
I advise u not to read comments from overprotective parents!
I saw him talking with strangers not only that but they were telling him to "go away" but what they meant is that he should go die.
I think that Roblox should be restricted 18. my son was also asking for 100 dollars for "Robux" but he was probably online dating.
I made this review primarily to address the rumours of "Horrible", "Hostile" and "Excessively Sexual or Outright Sexual" activities in Roblox.
Your child will not find these.
Not only are these games not allowed by any circumstances on Roblox and are usually deleted within 2-3 hours of them being uploaded but it is also a Misdemeanor to expose a child to pornography on a site that bans it; so you can rest safe knowing your children won't find a game like this.
If you read the other reviews it says “sexual stuff” and “language” don’t listen to them.
And if you don’t like the game pics.
So let’s take murder mystery for instance it has a knife on the front.
Roblox blocks out all curse words and does not allow you to type numbers in order to prevent kids from sharing age phone number ect.
There was an issue 3 months ago where another player called my daughter by her real name, Asked personal questions 
and REFUSED to get out of her car (in the game.)
My 9 yr old got scared.
After hearing this,  I was scared as well.
I called customer service, got the run around, they had ABSOLUTELY NO REGARD OR CONCERN about our fears.
I was asked if they wanted me to have them call the “owner” in  VERY SARCASTIC and OBNOXIOUS tone.
THIS GAME IS BASICALLY, “PLAY AT YOUR OWN CHILD’S RISK,” game.
Just because you and/or your child DID NOT have a negative experience with ROBLOX, DOES NOT diminish or relinquish the fact that others have.
Parents are overreacting over ROBLOX.
Although granted, there are some violent and upsetting these can be blocked through the options in settings.
The only real problem is the consumerism, trying to get players to buy robux for higher prices than what its really worth.
Here’s the bad part: When I play it, i’ve only once seen an inappropriate game.
So the only bad part is out of the way.
If you don’t want your kids talking to people in-game, you can easily not allow it in the settings!
there are no pedophiles lurking around on roblox and it wont even allow you to say anything related to personal info
it censors almost everything and handles abuse perfectly
Kids can stumble upon games that show a lot of blood.
One game shows people that are hung, and others are dead in a bloody pool!
This is a Very bad site to involve any money or allow your child to have any access to limited items.
This is the dark side of Roblox.
Accounts are continuously being hacked for limited items.
This is not children, grown  people who figured out your child is easy prey.
On top of this Roblox as a company is very horrible and their customer service is the worst I've ever encountered.
They will blaime everyone but themselves when something goes wrong with Robux.
They are very determined that it's someone elses fault.
Well come to find out these game passes don't exist but it sure will take the money.
Now I find out this Developer of this said game has had their account terminated and can't get on the game he created to fix these issues.
So I contact roblox back via their support and I receive a bunch of  remarks of how Roblox has nothing to do with this or the money or the game.
So if they have no part in this why did you terminate the player/Developer?
That s not my business is what I am told, but yet they tell me repeatedly that this is who I need to contact to refund my sons robux , but only way to refund is for this said person to send a trade and my son gives them a limited item and they can add the robux into the trade, (in which case Roblox will take 30 percent of the transaction).
Shew seems like a lot of problem and Roblox certainly wants their cut for them to not be involved in this matter.Needless to say ,days are passed developer is still terminated and my son is still sitting here looking at me to help him fix this, for I am his DADDY.
I seen a comment from another parent who claims is a small percent, don't I repeat to all parents, do not believe this individual.
There s many teenagers on here taking advantage of the smaller children.
Cyber Bulling Is a major problem on this gaming platform.
Roblox will do nothing about any problems unless it has to do with what players call traders (limited items)  get caught selling items off of other websites.
These are all scam sites right there on roblox being used to hack your childs accounts.
So it boils down to is this a safe website, NO it is NOT.
No child should have to endure a lot of the bulling going on this site.
They aren't the kids whom get bullied for being a Noob (kids whom have nothing on the game item wise) .
I am old but I know gaming is expensive.
I have  locked them out of Roblox due to the nature of what another said of pornography hacks, this is true I have seen this several times as well as very rude and disrespectful messages on clothing made by players.
Roblox is taking major advantage of children to earn a buck.
100million users a month is also a lie, theres 100 of thousands of double accounts as well as bot accounts for hacking , stealing, and exploiting you and your children.
I'm sure with these large amounts of money being transferred that Roblox Interns And Their staff have their greedy little hands in the limited scams as well.
(fortune 500 company, make the dollar by any means necessary no matter whom it hurts or who losses as long as its not them, then bankrupt when the truth and the heat is on them for their scandals.)
There really is no nice way to put it.
ROBLOX is not safe for under age children, nor your credit card.
And game cards , yeah problems there as well, the have nothing to do with game cards eighter.
I f you buy a game card at a store goto roblox website and redeem it and anything goes wrong, good chance %99.9, you will just lose your money cause ROBLOX claims no responsibility to its own currency, EVER.
To top it off they aren't even a credit company by the BBB.
I saw my son who is 6 I saw him talking to a “girl” aka a 50 year old pedophile talking to him while they had virtual sex and he watches dumb you tubers who say omg at a kids game these people have problems if you have kid that is asking for this game make you say no and get a hammer and smash their I pads or computers you may say your overreacting but anime porn is
 on a game
I don’t care if it’s lesbian or straight sex... it SHOULD NOT be allowed.
Ugh!!
My kids, 7,8,&9 are obsessed, I truly hate to have to take it away- but it’s not brain food or even healthy entertainment.
:(
Over all bad game for kids!
And if you don't want your child to communicate then you can go to chat settings.and for those parents who complain about ROBLOX asking for there childs age they do that so they can limit what they say.
It Is A Bad Game That Should Be Banned Don't Play it
My son was really excited to join Roblox builders club until he found that it's broken and he can't do anything with it.
I've reported this bug and for over 40 days so far got 6 useless replies that they are looking in to this.
I was never dealing with so disgraceful support, in their first message they told me that I should be checking their webiste from time to time to find out if this is fixed or not.
Too much effort for them to notify someone who reports a bug
horrible game with very bad messages to kids
Literally a pedophile feast, posing as kids to lure your children in as far as they can and possibly offline.
All the reviews are sadly true, I've witnessed all of it with my own daughter.
The porn is brought into games by users who hack the servers, it's everywhere and bad, you cannot erase those images out of your child's mind.
The creeps literally groom your children, until they get the child's trust.
I had to intervene when noticing something seriously wrong with my daughter, I began to watch and removed her immediately from the website.
Apparently there is no protection for children online in this aspect, people shrug and move on.
The children are literally the consumer here.
This gamee gives your child fright.
This refrences bad thngs like sex.
He chASED My son around the kitctchn with a spoon attaached to his  willy.
This game was fun for a while but a few weeks in my son found a hacker in one of the games the hacker was talking about “all the girls wanting to ride his balls”
My son is four and was very confused 
I know this is not the company’s fault so I let him play some more because it has never happened before.
So long story short this game would be fine if it wasn’t for the creepy adults on the game.
What I mean by this is, that you will see people with ''fat legs'', tattoos , and most of all inappropriate clothing.
I also noticed some people had sex on beds and just in general which  bypassed the ROBLOX filter and this stuff broke the terms of service.
Some people started swearing as well they started saying words like ''Bitch'' and ''Fuck'' and words related to that.
This could possibly get your children cat fished into thinking it was a person the same age as them and to meet them in real life.
There are also some games that has violence, such as gun games, murder, and much much more.
This could really courage your children to do bad stuff.
There could be great messages but there could be bad messages, especially following, swearing, bullying, and more.
They don't ban ODER's unless their really really bad.
This could be very bad for your children as imagining your child talking to a 60 year old man.
This 60 year old person in real life, wanting to meet your child and kill them or at least take them away.
Moderators don't do anything as well, the report system doesn't work at all.
Your account can also get scammed and taken away by hackers.. buying robux will be a risk of loosing all of your money on a pixelated game.
I personally don't think your child should play this game unless a parent is watching them, or you think that they are mature enough to play handle these types of things.
Problem is hackers constantly stealing all her stuff.
She had about 8-9 game charactors, all stolen.
Got gift cards, real money, most of that stolen before she could use it.
I have emailed the company repeatedly no answers.
It's a cool game but sadly throws kids into a tailspin when they watch their items disappear before their eyes.
It is really just a game for hackers.
Shame on Roblox, but as we know these company's only care about the $$$.
I found that my step daughter was finding grown men on this game to send naked pictures of herself to, she was telling these men she was 20 most told her they were 18-25.
Thus, I unfriended him.
In this game players are suppose to kill each others, with realistic guns.
Overall, I don't think that this is a good environment for children.
This game is super dumb and stupid.
I got really mad because he signed up for a account WITHOUT my permission.
People are bullying him on the site and beware!
Dark side of the internet.
I do NOT like this game.
I kinda hope they say something during school that gets them sent to the office and Roblox revoked.
It's not by any means extremely simple to police a whole network with a large number of dynamic clients currently is it?
You will get individuals who are sexual, pedophiles e.t.c on any online platform, not simply ROBLOX.
The way that kids are being presented to illegal acts is definitely not something good , not that I at any point said it was.
Anyway I am expressing this is simply being finished by another person with noxious purpose who is obviously making a decent attempt to be entertaining, lethal or evidently attempting to cause devastation.
Since I have been on platforms for example, Steam, I can comprehend the harmfulness that is included with networks and how it could effect individuals.
I can comprehend in this circumstance that these acts will have contrary ramifications on kids inside, anyway I don't by and by like the way that individuals guarantee "ROBLOX IS doing nothing about it" there's just next to no they can do.
I am appalled that a company that makes MILLIONS of dollars on parents money refuses to properly moderate the chats in these games.
I would like to launch a class action lawsuit against ROBLOX.
The horrific stuff my kids have been subjected to is disgusting.
I wrote a letter to ROBLOX and my daughter took screenshots thankfully but she’s greatly traumatized by this.
The predators not only used vulgar sexual talk with my child but even threatened to come and kidnap her.
She’s genuinely traumatized and scared.
I’m beyond furious that this company that upon researching is not only notorious for ripping parents off (I’ve had it happen too) but worse, they KNOW predators are talking and trying to bait kids and they have done absolutely NOTHING to stop it, they could easily pay a few dollars an hour to moderate each and every game they offer.
It’s a responsibility they have shirked willfully causing damage to these kids.
It’s forbidden in our house and should be banned in my opinion.
They won’t do anything but they happily cash in on the kids they’re only too happy to expose.
First off I will talk about violence, some might think it's too realistic or that it's just violent and it influences the mind of kids.
It's better off to show kids that if they become soldiers they might get shot by a bullet and not respawn.
Well better teach them, I guess.
So many parents talk about online dating on roblox, and, I guess you are guilty for not telling your kid/kids about what strangers can do, their intentions, how to defend, how to understand, kids are always curious so they do the wrong thing to see what happens, because guess what- you don't tell them what happens!
If the stranger attacks you defend yourself don't run because it will become worse.
Guess what, most of them may be depressed teenagers, maybe adults or teens with no life, spoiled kids(because you don't tell them what to do clearly) and such.
A kid can lie about his/her age and the other can tell things not "appropiate for their age" but they still understand it cause guess what even if we have different bodies we're still the same species and it's your job to educate us when you're little and not let us into this madness.
Shame on you parents.
Even if I know about bad.
By signing up with a account below thirteen years old it will automatically filter inappropriate games that should not be seen by small children.
Roblox is still trying to fix their filter, but some players may bypass swearing by using exploits (hacks) or adding more letters.
Some games are very inappropriate.
These games will be banned and so will the player within hours.
You may also have to teach your kids about scamming methods that other players use.
Roblox will not ask you for your password or email and you cannot get free Robux.
Some players can be bullies and say mean things.
You can fix this by joining another server or reporting them.
However, recently my daughter has told me of quite a few things that I find concerning.
Swear words can't appear but one 'party room' in meep city had 'bitch' written in fairy lights  What was more worrying though was a 'locked' room that you had to be invited in to.
I feel that there are now so many different games on Roblox that there is no way the owners/programmers can keep an eye on all content.
And just googling roblox brings up even scarier stories.
I do not think young children should play this game at all.
I can lock him out of his account if he doesn't do his homework, chores, etc.
Folks life is hard and dangerous.
It's better that our children learn these lessons virtually in an online game than in the real world where it can cause real pain and hardship.
He's been bullied and he's been cheated.
b) There are scammers everywhere.
He knows that you don't get something for nothing and that anyone promising you something for free is probably trying to trick you.
c) He has learned there are bad peole in the world and he has learned you REPORT those people!
He has learned "stranger danger" isn't just something you hear but it's real.
d) He has learned about hacking and that hacking is cheating and cheating is bad.
He's learned that  people will cheat to get ahead.
For example, I'll say "remember that guy who tricked you into giving him one of our pets by pretending to be your friend" well people do that in the real world.
Cons:

Now with that said here are the real dangers of Roblox: It can be addictive, so set a schedule.
Another danger is money.
To so many reviewers who complain about bullying on Roblox.... think about it, your kid has to learn how to handle these people and doing it virtually is better than what I had to endure when I was a kid (constantly beat up in real life when I was his age.)
Another danger: porn.
Some were very graphic (child porn.)
I reported them to Roblox and the FBI (child porn) but did not hear back from either however, I have not seen it return.
While this is a real porm, the image quality is usually pretty low resolution.
Roblox has flaws such as trying to solve a problem by removing stuff but, the real problem is the community.
Roblox's community is filled with trolls, Oders (Online Daters), exploiters, and haters.
Second, please teach your child about online safety and the bad things that could happen.
Now its time to talk about Roblox's fault.
Roblox dose nothing to solve the problem of rule-breaking in the game.
They had the same chat filter (with some bad updates) since the beginning and it has proven to not be effective, alot of people managed to bypass the filter by changing a few letters in words like F*** to Fuxk and like  Sex to Sux or Six.
Roblox tried to fix this problem by making the chat filter even more strict by censoring innocent words and numbers, all this just gave even more criticism that Roblox just ignored.
Finally, please watch these videos because im tired typing so much 

1:    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hon5uqi5u0 
2:    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqjKv_8Mnn8
Ok so Ive read quite a few comments on stuff like  "oh this game is rlly inappropriate for kids and has a lot of "violent" and "sexual" games.... Ive been playing for over 4 years and guess what???
I dont really understand what you mean by "too violent" just because they use guns or knives.... there are much worse games your kid can be playing other than roblox and if you don't want your kid exposed to this kinda stuff then just keep him off the internet for the rest of his/her life cause the Internets full of this stuff.
I mean are u gonna babysit ur kid for the rest of his life so that he never gets exposed to the word penetrate?
And keep him off any games with guns for fear hes gonna rob a bank when hes older??
Stop over reacting and let your kid have some fun in his/her life instead of dulling it down to number games and math questions
I heard everyone was saying ROBLOX has a bad influence, but when I saw my son play it, I went to look at it myself.
All those other bad reviews are false, you should really let your child play it.
I am not an "Admin" or any of that, so don't spam me with "Your moderation sucks" type of responses.
The world doesn't revolve around your kids.
They saw one bad thing, doesn't mean it will terror them for life.
it shousald be a 5+ game ITS NOT VIOLETNT!!
I’m going to be honest I lied about my age so parents could see this but honestly I have been playing roblox for 4 years now and I have seen 3 innapopriate things on all my time all of them being hackers and that’s it.
You see unlike every other review on here it’s really not the way it sounds like they say it’s filled with innapropraite content but It’s all about the games you play if you know what games to avoid I promise you you will never see a single innapropriate thing on this sight.
All the reviews here with people saying players have asked them to do sexual things with them in game is a lie how are they going to get across like that?
And if they find a child predator just teach them internet safety tell them not to add random people on discord and if your child is under 10 and doesn’t know much about internet safety if you go into settings and then privacy you can make it so you can’t communicate with other players.
I’m going to be honest the worst part of this game is that it’s full of micro transactions everywhere but it may help your child learn things like saving money and not spend all of it at once.
Roblox is more of a development platform then a game and you can make games with it but it is hard.
That last part might sound stupid but it has happened many times before.
Even worse it wasn't even pix elated.
I do not recommend Roblox to parents that don't want there child exposed to early to Pron and Sex.
As of a lot of people reporting being banned for 'no reason' you were all banned for a reason,you cannot be banned for 5-7 days WITHOUT a reason if an error happens ROBLOX is yet to always apologize to its fellow players.
Next being scammed and suing ROBLOX for it.First of all it's NOT ROBLOX's fault your kid fell for a scam.ROBLOX  cannot make sure there is NO scams at all,since there is now more then BILLION of users on its platform it's not its fault you  have a kid that'll do anything for free robux.
Getting charges on debit card.This is pretty much impossible since ROBLOX does NOT save debit car/credit card information so it's most likely that someone got your credit/debit card information and is using it to buy robux.So stop blaming ROBLOX for this.
Now onto some things everybody's talking about and hating on ROBLOX for it (EVEN THO IT'S MAKING NO SENSE)
-removal of tixs
what can I say?Tixs were free to get,as ROBLOX is a company that needs money to countinue its work it was a big bump in the face since they got NO money to keep the game going.
-'bullying'
They say calling someone a 'noob' is bullying noob means new player/you just started and it's in no meaning harmfull.Calling someone out for not having robux IS bullying but let's be honest..how many people do that?Not so many when you think about it.
-violents and/or brain damage
"OH NO GUYS A LEGO FIGURE JUST FELL INTO PIECES I NOW HAVE BRAIN DAMAGE HELP!!
"Is what these parents say.It's a lego figure..a lego figure how can that brain damage you?It's like you built something of legos and it fell on the ground and got into pieces and it brain damages you..
-reports are FAKE
First of all no reports are NOT fake.They say this since ROBLOX with its MORE THEN BILLION users cannot ban every single one with 3 reports.How many people do you think there is in moderation team?Yes it can be big,but not all of them are working on reports some of them have to see every it
-ODing/Online Dating
Online Dating is a problem on ROBLOX but let's face it never got so far it got into real life and most of the time it's hugging or holding hands or in EXTREMELY rare times it's kissing.Is this really that much of a problem?Having in mind that it never got very far.
There are incidents with sexual contact etc, but you can’t blame ROBLOX for it’s not their fault.
It’s also not the developers fault either.
This can happen on a rare occasion when it does happen, you should report the player and email ROBLOX.
It can leave children very sad when parents purchase Robux and other gamers steal their Robux.
It is very expensive to buy Robux and when they are stolen, customer support acts like you are the criminal.
Very disappointing.
one review i saw said it had something to do with drugs!?!?!
are you out of your mind was it roleplay like what.
there is a popular game right now called mad city which is about prison so if youre too scared about what your child will start thinking of then dont let them play.
if someone calls your child a noob then that doesnt mean its a bad word the word noob means new.
if your child is getting bullied then just report the bully (by presing the esc key clicking a flag next to the bullies name then tell what the bully did) .
so thats why you sould let a six year old play it.
if you think that your child can come across a horror movie character then just say pictures like that dont exist because before the picture is published to roblox the picture is always sent to someone to see if its apropriate for the website if the picture is inapropriate then it means the person will its sent to will decline bringing it to roblox the sending method works also for clothes hats and other thngs people can put on the website.
It is easy to get hacked but a way to avoid this is to turn on 2-step verification.
Also there is a chat filter but sometimes people can get away with saying something that is like a bad word but not exactly.
But I mean parents cuss around kids a lot (at least in my experience) so it should not be of too mush concern.
There is a tiny bit of violence, but no blood.
I can tell you everyday I have played I have been bullied or harassed by someone for items or robux!
I as a new player cannot even get 5 minutes into the game before I am killed or bullied!
These games are not safe for kids to be in if they are treated the same as I am being treated and I am an adult!
I do not recommend it to kids!
They have stolen money from my account on numerous occasions then cancel the entire account when it's disputed.
They didn't give me the credit then lied about it.
They send automated messages only.
You'll never talk to a live rep. about a concern.
I emailed the moderators about an abusive player typing curse words in other languages they got back with me in less than 24 hours and banned his/her account.
Right when I made an account, I was bombarded with games showing very inappropriate content.
I joined one of them and all the other players kept calling me "NOOB, NOOB" and said that they called me this because I didn't have "Robux".
After this experience, I tried to contact the administrators but they said that there was nothing they could do.
Now I will never let my daughter play this game again.
My son played is for a while and i play it with him but i hate false reviews they say that they send pictures but roblox doesnt allow pictures and it cant be ascii art because there is an 150 limit and someone said that they changed their wallpaper by someone on roblox but the hack client CANT EVEN HACK THE PERSON IT ONLY HACKS THEIR OWN CLIENT
This game website has a lot of killing games like a game where kids stab each other and get money so they can get upgrade their knife,a youtuber that makes videos showed off that game and this game website has a lot of bullies that like to harass people, even more low key games are bad, in meep world kids have houses and  adult parties and try to date  and they can adopt on some of these games and marry too and and other terrible games that are not fit for children.
the game allows you to report someone if they are swearing or being a bully but it does nothing,they don't get kick off the minute you report them even if you do it more than once and roblox will not protect your child either.
this game is a waste of time, money, and life.
Life should be more precious than exposing yourself  to bad games,being harassed, dirtiness and bad examples.
And a bully doesn't have to swear all they have do is say hateful things to you and then you will feel awful and terrible and roblox won't do anything to punish the bully.
roblox is not one of them.
There is almost never any 18+ content and will remain that way for a long time.
The game is only including 18+ exploiters and it isn't in your hands just to report it.
They have a bad system that needs to be fixed such as random bans after reporting someone.
The game is now also going corporate sadly.
You could buy stuff for free but the game made the Decision  to go coporate and not listen to the community.
but there is a dark side, with games that are only about Sex!!!
This game is horrible my son wanted to play this I let him when I looked at his phone he had gave a stranger his number on the chat it is not safe especially with chatting to strangers and the launguage that is used.
There are inappropriate games for other parents out their keep your children safe please.
this game bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sike
I went into one and it was horrible.
The clothing they were wearing was so disrespectful.
Along with horrible actions and words.
This game is definitely not suitable for kids.
There was spam and I just had to leave.
I wouldn't recommend playing this game without parent supervision.
As you see, if you report a player it doesn't really work anymore which is a problem.
It would be hard enough work to even try to catch up with it.
There are a ton of people who insult each other on Roblox, it's pretty common now.
Now, there is a whole ton of Online Daters...It is very, VERY common in Roblox right now.
They're practically every where, which you should possibly avoid or block if things get too worse, the violence isn't that bad.
There isn't too much blood nor, any gore here unless it's the developer or creator who made a game with blood in it.
This could be dangerous for kids.
If you’re kid has a bad influence DO NOT LET YOUR KID PLAY THIS GAME!
And moderators do a 
  bad and unfair job so keep that in mind.
and there’s free robux scams  everywhere.
Please note online interactions I cannot rate.
So online interactions can be a little inappropriate.
And discord and twitter are 13+ sites so to avoid you’re child from clicking social media links please do not let your kid play ROBLOX.
And there are child predators that pretend to be a child and try to get the kid to tell them you’re location.
The kid needs to know NOT TO TELL ANYONE IN ANY GAME YOU’RE LOCATION.
The game is out of control is impossible,to control who play with your children's, .The game have violence ,and bad choice of music and languages, is a terrible game and scary  for parents.
It shocked me to see that title so I went in and saw kids killing themselves in various ways including shooting themselves in the head and then there was the cloud of blood.
Also, you should talk with you child about internet's dangers anyway.
She joined a game called ROBLOXIAN highschool, and everyone called her a noob.
I gave them the robux, because i didn't want to see them sad, and the next day i saw my 11 year old dating a roblox boy!
I really don't reccommend this if your not wanting to spend money.
Y'all being cowards.
Yes there is bad parts of Roblox.
Like Toxic Players, Scammers,Hackers, And Nasty content.
But that's just because Roblox has been corrupted since the passing of the Owner of the game.
Yes I'm aware the moderation of the website is stupid.
I reported someone once and they done darn crap about it.
But fyi reporting doesn't work anymore.
But don't do anything stupid like stealing your parents money for Robux, Hack, Scam or bully or do anything sexy like try to online date.
If you don't like the game.
If you're a parent who likes to shield their children from violent video games, there is a lot more to Roblox than just violence!
The only problem with Roblox is that the community isn't as good as other games.
Just monitor them, because there's people on Roblox who Online Date, even though it is against Roblox TOS Rules and Guidelines, and your kid can get in trouble for doing so.
honestly to me roblox is actually starting to become a 13+ game than 10+ because most users now is doing things that are not allowed but roblox admin do nothing about it most of the time i know this because i used to play roblox
Alright, I thought AJ was bad.
So, heres some things You need to know about Roblox,
1) There's tons of sex, usually You'd be thinking You're child is playing a safe game usually it is other ''Children'' playing, I see these people as Pedophiles only because they are commonly caught asking to meet up, or having sex with younger ages.
Moderaters really do nothing.
3) Violence is crazy, I've been threatened about being murdered many times it ain't My experience I'm worried about it's the younger ages.
6) Roblox Anthro just didn't help anything within the game.
I highly believe it's for 12+
I would not reccomend the game to any children under the age of 12.
roblox bad it are suck my son pla and he comes and ask for money and i is so poor he spent 533$ in one year he everytime came he ask for alot of money and he stays up too 6 hours on Roblox.
Its graphics take alot of internet megabytes and it has alot of swearing.
Also, saying "noob" is common word not a swear word, that usually happens when you do something stupid or even try.
Its ok to have your own opinion but, saying roblox is innapropiate for children, dont all the time believe the medias try out yourselfes!
Roblox very rarely affected childs' behaviour if it was already that sort of behaviour thats not the point.
Don't worry about innapropriate content its always deleted.
But, who plays from medium or poor countries, is mainly think that ROBUX and builders club is expensive.
Some games like "MeepCity, Robloxian Highschool, and Royale High" indirectly encourage online dating, but that's mostly the community's fault, and it's not all that goes on in those games.
Roblox has been cracking down on games like this recently aswell, especially with MeepCity.
Watching my daughter play the 13 and under version of the game, I was shocked to see how much violence is encouraged on the game.
On the game called Mars Baby Simulator, your avatar  is encouraged to "kill" other characters by punching them.
I heard a replay of a programmed voice that kept repeating "killing spree" as the characters punched each other to kill each other.
This positive verbal reinforcement coming from the game as characters kill each other is very dangerous for children as they are still making sense of the world.
Even with the extra layer of security I placed on the account, I still saw many instances of encouraged killing on the game.
I chose to delete the game so my 8 year old daughter will not be desensitized to murder/violence .
Although it happens in cartoon form - it is still violence acted out repeatedly, which is not acceptable.
Please think twice about downloading this game.
This is so troubling to see these kids being so addicted to this game.
Roblox  does not care about the lasting mental affects on our kids.
Roblox should be ashamed of themselves.
The game learns children about communism.
Roblox might seem like a friendly community but the common sense reviewers think there’s education most of these are violent and have blood effects,guns,and fighting.I do not recommend this to younger kids because I older kids have found a way to bypass and say swears in acyonyms and more.
Many people say that Roblox is very inappropriate for young viewers, which in some cases are correct.
Hackers and exploiters will find a way to hack into a game, or even peoples accounts.
Certain words that are considered bad will be replaced with hashtags.
Moderators will be scanning them first, if is considered bad, the person who uploaded the picture will be get a warning, or banned.
If there is someone you think is doing the wrong thing, you can report them for whatever reason.
I have been playing Roblox for 4 years now and I dont see anything wrong with the game itself, but the game has gotten so big to the point where the are not enough Moderators and Administrators to be able to safely and effectively manage the community.
Regarding the community, people can be toxic sometimes and pretend that they are better than everyone else because they have "cool clothes" or "expensive hats".
The helicopter parents that claim the game is "Sexual" or that their child was sent pornographic messages is false.
Don't get turned off by those imbeciles, they've never actually experienced the game.
Many are complaining about the “sexual content” on ROBLOX.
Of course, I’ve heard about them, and seen one inappropriate game, but it was taken down quickly.
The quote un quote sexual content isn’t an issue if you educate your children on what to do if they see it.
Again, this is just something that you need to teach to your children.
Just tell them that it is wrong.
I don’t see online dating as much anymore, though it’s true that ROBLOX hasn’t been doing anything to help it.
Another problem, in that category, is the pedos.
This, sadly, is true.
The violence in this game is acceptable.
This really isn’t anything graphic.
In fact, it’s the opposite.
I don’t get why others say there is.
There are games in ROBLOX that will definitely try to scam you, taking your account or ROBLOX.
In-chat scamming is just a block and report thing, again, the term free robux is common.
It’s not ROBLOX’S responsibility if your kid gets scammed by an off-site link, as mentioned above in my sexual content paragraph.
It will make the game more dull for your child, though.
Currently, there is NO way you can get hacked (unless your kid gives out their username and password) or get a virus from ROBLOX.
The only way to get viruses is to download certain audio off the website, most people don’t know how to do this and don’t use it.
All the concerns on here are highly overexaggerated.
The man had hacked porn on the wall and was getting my kid to say weird stuff.
Also people treat other players mean and call them nubs and they curse in ways that is not blocked out in hashtags.
Its an overall horrific game.
Not only that my 8 year old son is now addicted to this game every time I tell him not to play that game he throws a tantrum and smashes doors and hits me and says he hates me and wants me to die I have to do something about this do not let your kid play this game ever please.
Some people can bypass the roblox chat filter but if they do cuss, you can report them and they can get a warning or ban.
A moderater will check it and if it's inapropriate it will be denied.
The reviews are a bit... 'Overreactive' So, i've decided to make this review First of all: ROBLOX is a kids game.
Yes, there is scams etc.
People with inappopriate language too.
ROBLOX does NOT support online dating.
How ya' parents see it is: "OmG WhAt Is ThIs My ChIlD is hAvInG a CoNvErSaTiOn?!??!?!?"
like... WHY?
All games have bullies because that is the real world.
There are games that encourages self-harm.
Though you don’t see blood shed, but the idea is really bad.
Murdering.
If your age setting is older, more chance your kids will see inappropriate words.
Strangers impersonating to be kids, and start asking them to do stuff.
There are millions of games there, who knows what they’ll pick next, and I saw oneRoblox game  call “suicide” .
aight, so recently i've been seein' a ton of parents and children calling this game the spawn of satan, but i'd have to disagree.
mk i'm too lazy to add more gn
but some people can be disgusting sometimes but, overall really great game!
So basically parents are saying this game is dangerous and creepy, And people are saying they are pedophiles and abusers on the website, Well open your mind
There is a 0.1% chance you will be attacked by a predator.
There is a 0.1% chance your child will be encouraged to buy guns in real life because of the weapons in the catalog.
Basically its not Roblox's fault.
One thing is that many people make scary and violent games.
That's not a good thing.
Although,  everything you can buy is super expensive.
And if your children  "date" on ROBLOX they can  get kidnapped.
Roblox isn't as bad as you people put it.
God, quit over exaggerating.
First off, about the "sexual messages."
If you find that your kid is being bothered by horny 3-year-olds that want to steal their Roblox virginity, block the person.
I can't stress this enough, it's like people here don't care what their child is doing and leave them alone on the computer 24/7 and then wonder why their child is cussing.
Just download a computer monitoring software, for crying out loud.
If you don't want your innocent little Timmy seeing the bad bad words that are oh so threatening, get him off of Roblox.
Do SOMETHING other than just whine about it to your other soccer mom friends.
Third, inappropriate games.
I can tell you, they do get removed if they have sexually explicit content.
If you don't want Timmy seeing a bad bad advertisement, get an ad blocker.
On the note why this is 4 stars, I do find the online dating and the community to be toxic at times, but you really can't do anything about the community.
You can't change the way other people behave.
The moderation system is complete dog s***, as for many other communities and games out there today.
There is cartoony guns,paintball guns, swords, weapons and bombs but there is no gorey graphics, If someone starts cussing ROBLOXs filter will tag it (like hashtags).
People sometimes OD (Online Date) but it is against the terms and they can be given a warning or well,banned.
A lot of people say consumerism is a big factor, I beg to differ.
However, there is a bad side to it.
ROBLOX has worked very hard to fix the community up and has done well but not enough.
Some of these bypasses can be explicit and even racist.
My child was harassed by other users and the response I was given by the Roblox Support was very vague and delayed.
No action was taken.
My daughter is no longer allowed to play the game.
Roblox is a game where I think, is 9+

There is  violence and weapons in it and the players... Oh wow some of the players.
this game has values in coding, learning real-world things and making friends but be alert because they are people who bully and pretend to be children also the in-game currency ROBUX and the member-ship builders club costs REAL DOLLARS if you see your child entering bank details or if you get an email saying you bought (!ROBUX or (!builders club, stop your child immediately and talk to them there are things like the broken admin bots and people saying noob and other bad parts I could tear into but that wil
First of all, the community is toxic and loves to bully my 6 y.o.
These titles are disgusting!
AND THERE ARE WAYYYY TOO MANY GUNS!
Everything costs money
Moderation sucks
go play moshi monsters or something
it disapeared and she cant access the stuff bought.
I emailed Roblox and SHOWED them my receipts and they havent fixed it and now say its not them its the developer bla bla and didnt give me any info on who to contact but to search out a possible place to send this complaint to.
so far I only see this as a scam that you should pay attention too.
It is a great game, but there are its weak spots; Moderation is not great, inappropriate stuff, etc...
I do not recomend.
- Players can sometimes be very rude to each other.
This includes death threats, such as "go commit die".
- Terms of Service authorise termination of account for no reason.
There is MANY problems with it that are easy to avoid.
Although roblox is ok for under 13 users, they dont get the full experience.
Many things are blocked off for younger users, back when i was under 13, i had to lie about my age to have fun.
Many things in roblox can be very overwhelming.
There is some users that will play loud, inappropriate music that young children shouldnt hear.
Roblox's chat is so strict that you cant say anything too privacy concerning.
Hackers are big on roblox, but they cant do much.
The worst thing they can do is shutdown games.
The will sometimes "rape" some people.
This is mainly a way to get there reaction and does not mean they are a predator.
If someone says something NSFW (Not Safe For Work) to someone, dont be worried.
Theyre just trolling.
Roblox is only fun/safe for people that are 13+.
They are not checking there content, PewD the game after noticing its unsafe for my son.
Secondly, if there is blood, it’s only a decal in order to make some games look realistic, such as a zombie apocalypse RP, and more.
ROBLOX also has a strict chat system that tags every possible bad word or sensitive information, such as you can’t type phone numbers, your home, your real name, swear words and more.
Although there may be exploiters that may ruin the game, it’s a rare chance and they often do it for fun, for YouTube videos and more.
Yeah, it may have violence and inappropriate things but that is the reality of our world and we have to deal with it.
We live in a society where things like this happen.
but i have a few problems, the filter... i cant even say numbers.
pretend your trying to say a price of something (that is part of many games on ROBLOX) it gets this "####" its dumb!
I played Roblox for about 5 years now and starting to stop playing it due to having people bypassing the chat filter, and their is phishing scams for "free robux", heres a quick introduction to "robux" "robux" is Roblox's in game currency you usually have to buy it or buy "membership" and there is a 99999.99% chance when someone bypasses roblox TOS gets banned for saying something either offensive or innapropriate for younger people, how they bypass is putting a "v" or an "x" infront of a swear word like th
I think parents should allow kids to play roblox ONLY from age 12, due to small amount of violence, blood.
I've seen very bad reviews on this.
I personally disagree with the reviews, they are just rude.
They don't know how hard it is to create a perfectly scripted, built, updated game without it having any bugs.
I can admit some people get scammed but, if you actually got scammed while trading in a game , don't give up on the game because you lost your good items.
Unless they have very inappropriate stuff saved onto their laptop/pc.
the reporting system is a little broken and moderation is somewhat bad but it is educational by teaching Lua which can be used in future jobs the community can be a little bad but most people can get passed that
Why i think roblox could be recommended for kids 8+ is mostly because kids younger than that may not be able to handle the violence depends on which games (not all the games are violent) as there is so many kids that think its cool to swear or they are trying to be mature on a kids platform as well as there are ODERS (online daters) that like to do questionable stuff but its mostly in roleplay games so if you dont play those games your good.
It might get boring after some time due to the lack of games though.
And I would see online daters doing really gross stuff and making gross games, and by that point ROBLOX has a rule to no online date.
But ROBLOX never did anything about that situation.
Moving on to the bullying, most people in ROBLOX like to bully kids that are 13 and under and call them “noobs” and ROBLOX doesn’t do anything about this either.
My sons account was hacked and his email address was hacked...they asked me to provide the pin number of a previously used gift card which was ridiculous as who would keep this info???
VERY HARD TO DEAL WITH AND NOT SAFE
My only problem is the ROBLOX scam games and games like MeepCity.
ROBLOX scam games hunt for your password.
MEEPCITY MEEPCITY MEEPCITY MEEPCITY MEEPCITY MEEPCITY MEEPCITY MEEPCITY JAILBREAK ect* what are minor problems.
Gears are the problem though.
They usually don't work for these 'R15' characters.
(Safety and privary conerns) incoulding online dating and swearing but thats rare now for some reason and free robux scams.
I've been on roblox since 2007 and it was great at the time but then it grew and heaps of crappy people started playing.
my worst experience on roblox is having people hack games and molester your character.
its absolutely disgusting and no matter what game you play, there will always be a hacker there.
Ive spent over $500 on this game to enhance my characters looks and for gamepasses but in the end, its not even f###### worth it because the hackers will find a way to wipe your data and cause trouble.
there is also a massive hole in the roblox 2fa security system that is easily bypassed if you know how, so I don't suggest spending lots on roblox.
Its genuinely a horrible game because of all the trolls, griefs and hackers.
PS - the kids there bypass the swearing filter way too often and abuse it like hell
Ok now on the main point that I wanted to say parents should warn their kids before they start playing ROBLOX is that there are a lot of scammers that will take your account, but don't let that prevent you from letting your child play, it is very easy just to avoid those scammers, so for me to tell you how to do it I gotta tell you what scammers make scams for and that's Robux which is an in game currency that you buy with real money using a credit, debit, gift and many other types of cards, so the scammers
If your child uses one of those free Robux sites, they might get their account stolen so as I said before but I will say it again, tell them there is no way to earn free Robux, unless it's a giveaway made by a YouTuber that has at least 100k subscribers aka followers, but a GIVEAWAY not a video that has been made by a YouTuber telling you how to get free Robux.
all the other stuff is bad.
but the main games, not some game that doesn't have a good title.
yes there is violence, but you can avoid those games.
the community is bad.
People are saying that because their daughter got it hacked or whatever.
that only happens rarely.
If they do that, they probably aren't pedophiles, they're probably people who just think it' funny.
also, pedophiles could just be horny 12 year olds.
I lied about my age to make sure you all see this.
So, yes, there is violence.
(Now I'm making myself feel bad for mutilating people in roleplay on ROBLOX...)  There IS sexual content as well as other bad crap for younger kids.
Tell your kid not to play games like MeepCity, Adopt and Raise a Cute Kid, Boys and Girls Hangout, ect.
if you would not like them to see it (which you most likely won't).
It isn't new to have pedophiles in kids games.
Teach your kid about internet safety lmao
Now, about the ones that say it's too addicting...
O NU MY LITTE BILY PLAYZ ROBLOX FOR HRS AFTER BEDTIM ROBLOX IS BANND
Seriously.
If you don't want your child to do that, either REMIND THEM when its their bedtime or don't let them play any video games at all.
As for the violence, cursing and bullying, the bullying has stopped, cursing not so much.
I do curse on roblox when roleplaying, but that's about it.
Also the moderation is freaking terrible.
AT LEAST READ THE REPORTS REUWJHIJEEJWKA

Now for the good crap!
...although I do remember making a gorey game once when I was about 8 years old and pretending the characters getting killed were my irl rivals.
But, there is also some flaws.
(language, profanity etc.)
There are ways for the people to make inappropriate games but almost all of the time they will get banned/deleted.
If people are constantly doing bad things against roblox’s terms of service, (bullying, exploiting, inappropriate chat, adult content, etc.)
there account will be banned/deleted.
But the downside... 
Scammers, hackers, bullies, ect.
Until it gets out of control, I would just ignore them all.
However, these games are curated by the moderators but in my opinion, not curated very good, but more about that later in my review.
If you do the 13+ option inappropriate content is much more likely to be shown from other users.
Robux is really expensive there are cheaper alternatives to buy them, however Builders Club (A montly/yearly subscription that gives daily robux) is only bought directly from the website.
I'm older now so i don't play it anymore.
I got hacked 3 years ago.
And i asked for their help because i couldn't remember the bonded email to my account.
So i told them "Guys i got hacked and he stole my stuff.
I don't got access to my account please help me, i can't remember the bonded Email" 

Many days later i get an email "Your stuff has ben restored" While the hacker still had access and i didn't.
So he just gained like 2 million robux profit.. Now I'm trying to get my stuff back... About 40 emails later they still ignore the fact that they made a mistake!!
Roblox tells me if i keep emailing them on this issue they will block me.
So lost fight for my stuff i guess..

"Please note that Roblox's employes can't restore items to an account if it isn't the bonded email requesting it" And it wasn't the bonded email and they did anyways

Please don't spend money on this game if there is a risk of them not wanting to deal with their problems..
this game ruined my son oof life he died of LIGMA
However, the game Hotel Elephant is what they have been playing and yesterday my daughter was locked in a room by another player and he was trying to message her about having sex.
Then again today my 8 year old was in the same game and he was stalked everywhere he went by someone talking about having sex and other advances.
They say they block out vulgar language but there is ways around it.
No a suitable app for kids unless parents are watching and know how to remove the chat settings altogether.
Very disappointed!
The people who make those reviews don’t even play ROBLOX!
And if it would happen then many bad words would be like: ####.
And if someone would want to online date and would ask like: “yo wanna go to bed?” then it is simple to get rid of them.
Just say: no.
I’m not saying this game is bad but parents, I believe you should monitor your children what games they play on roblox.
Sometimes People like online dating on the game which is very disgusting to me because you don’t know there age, and some games can be sexual.
Don’t get this game for your kids it is just like a world filled with perverts and nasty teenagers I have 3 kids who have this game I let them play at first but after a couple of weeks some stuff has been going on my daughter was playing on the computer and I seen a guy asking her what was her name and add res (aka address).
My 2 sons started playing and the same thing happened and then some inappropriate stuff was happening there was this game called ‘’six’’ (aka sex) and there was very nasty and inappropriate stuff on it all of a sudden a player came up and said ‘’lets do it’’ (which means sex) and I was very discussed and angry I immediately told all of them to get off the game it was so bad that the game was now banned out of my house
I think that Roblox should be played by kids ages 8 and up because most of the games are too advanced for smaller children and they wouldn't find it any fun.
And roblox has too much of them.
PLEASE DONT ONLINE DATE
And keep in control the credit card, your son can steal it for robux or bc membership.
THIS GAME IS VERY NOT GOOD!
SOMEONE CALL MAH SON FUCKIN FAT!!!!
ROBLOX is a great platform at first, until my daughter was playing a game called Adopt and raise a cute baby, when suddenly a strange looking man came up to her and said wanna have "six" meaning to do sexual actions.
How innapropriate my daughter was so sad about this, she has now become a anti roblox activist.
ROBLOX Tricks you into spending everything you ever owned on robux until your homeless.
ROBLOX has consumed my child fully and has now broken her to she cries when someone calls her a noob.
i have permently BANNED roblox from he ipad mini.
People can easily bypass the system and swear at users for no good reason.
we slept in a motel last night, police and ROBLOX dont care about the creepy man.
What horrible platforms i hope to see this website deleted in the near 50 years.
ummmmmm roblox has  a game that i dont like and so i dont like roblox also im poor can i have vbucks
She did and a hacker took her account.
I contacted customer support letting them know that her account had been hacked.
Also I don’t know why I would need to provide those as she didn’t use an iTunes card to create the account to begin with.
I have numerous emails where all customer support says is sorry and we understand but it’s okay some hacker took over her account and Christmas money.
Kiddos to you and your piece of crap app.
Roblox sucks and they are unamerican and support hackers and taking advantage of children.
Shame on you
Now, ROBLOX turned into a mess.
First of all, in MeepCity, there is a lot of sexual people going around saying "abc for a hot gf/bf."
The amount of violence, is not so much in some games.
But other games, there is BLOOD!
Then, the in game currency called robux, is too much money!
YOU HAVE TO SPEND $200,000 ON A DOMINUS!!
Not to mention, there are scammers out there who STEAL your account and take the R$ that you spent your OWN MONEY on.
So parents, do not download roblox for your child, it's just not good.
Btw, I couldnt figure out how to get to the kids place, so I just used Adult.
My twelve year old started playing this and it is full of hackers, swearers, and overall inappropriate content.
since my twelve year old started, he has saw game porn, swearers, and horrible stuFF iN GeNerAl.
Please close this game down immediatel.
STOP VIOLENCE AND GAME SEX!
I'm not sure why people are leaving bad reviews.
Because that all of the servers on this computer game are user-created, there will naturally always be 'trolls' in the community.
The unpredictability of this computer game means that extremely offensive themes will always show up, including to nudity and pornography, sexual intercourse and other sexual themes like dating and rape, inappropriate language due to the easily avoidable chat filter and extreme violence (including blood and gore, as well as heavy gun use in some servers, including suggestive language, such as "headshots" and "killstreak").
These Robuxes can be used to buy in game cosmestics and accessories leading to an unhealthy idea of gambling, wasting money, and an idea to young children that you need to have alot of money and the coolest clothes to be popular.
All in all, ROBLOX is an extremely dangerous computer game which is harmful for young children and even teenagers' minds, with suggestive sexual content, pornography, explicit language, intense violence as well as much more dangerous things which are certainly NOT suitable for any child.
My kids CRIED because peeople where being mean to them!
Bad bad bad bad!
Bad dogs!
I am SO UPSET!
DONT LET YOUR KIDX PLAY.
ROBLOX THEY ARE LEARNING THE BAD
The idea of making a currency for In-game accesories is great, but the problem is that there is no way to get free ROBUX, so scammers create a LOT of bot accounts on the game itself, to make childs think it is possible to actually get free in-game currency.
The problem is that a very small minority of ROBLOX players are here to actually have fun, which is sad.
Third, the hackers/exploiters.
I know hacking can be funny sometimes, but it can ruin the entire game experience of tons of players.
There are also the people that bypass the chat filter (Which was created because of over reacting parents).
When I realised it,  I was really sad, but then, when I got unbanned, I NEVER tried to troll, insult, or anything bad.
Roblox does sometimes have some innapropriate content but it is really rere (at least i never really see it), and yes bullying can occour but it is also VERY rare, trolling is not actually a problem in roblox.
Every once in a while, an inappropriate game is published, but it never makes its way to the front page and inappropriate games are extremely, extremely hard to find.
Also, exploiters/hackers are almost non-existent on the game.
ROBLOX uses something called "Filtering Enabled" which does not allow client changes to replicate to the server without remote events.
replacing a wall with pornography) it will not show up on your child's device.
These parents are stressing to much which leads me to point 2
2.
Also tell your child/children to not go on anything that looks or feels inappropriate.
Then put chat and other restriction to nobody and tell them to not talk to strangers.
she said she was being bullied and people kept saying she should die for not having robux.
i didnt want her to be bullied so i gave her 3 months of obc and gave her 1,000 robux and the boy the same so then a year later a boy we didnt know went to our door.
But the community, security and moderation is just quite weird..About 4 weeks ago I bought over 13k+ robux from my very hard working money.
Two weeks later I happened to be hacked, I dont even know what it was!
I had my email in it and everything..I think the person that hacked me, was knowing to be a 9 year old..What scares me is that he has all my information on all of my social medias too..
I think it was because he couldn't have any robux, which was money grabbing of him.
they happen to online date and it becomes very uncomfortable and they happen to...yknow, I do not tolerate that at all and I once got banned for three days for telling them to stop, and making a group about it to help..And when I was younger playing ROBLOX my mum would happen to have money charges with buying robux for me.
We all know this but Roblox isnt perfect.
There will be some people out there to ruin other peoples day.
But just know that it isn’t the main goal of Roblox to promote sexual intercourse or violence.
It is just a kid game and those who break the rules will be subjected to moderation action.
i know the mod system is not that great but, can you expect all of your reports be done did done?
Plus their is some exploiters but some are harmless and just want a speed boost and stuff
As a kid he used to spend money on stupid things.
But some are violent so toddlers could not play it.
You can create anything but if it is not appropriate they are usually banned within 2 hours and these games are incredibly hard to find.
Yes, there are downsides to the community, like ODers (online daters) that play these “adopt and raise a baby” games (or similar titles).
These ODers are either 8 yr olds that don’t know what they’re doing or 30-50 yr old benign pedophiles.
Other games might be more violent, containg guns and such.
But when your avatar “dies,” it just falls apart like a lego man being taken apart and scattered.
The chat filter system just straight up sucks, it censors numbers (12 and under) like maybe you try to say how much I’m game currency you have but instead of saying “I have 57 coins,” you say “I have ## coins,” which in my opinion isn’t very great.
There are also exploiters, these people like to ruin games or mess around in them.
But if you don’t like it, you can just leave and go to a different server.
You should also look out for scams and scambots.
There are minor scams like a person asms you to send you their password (pretty obvious if you understand) but then there are others like the thousands and thousands of bots sending messages to all the players telling them something like “Go to [LINK] to get FREE ROBUX today!
ROBLOX is the best game but ITS dying due to changing logo to black and adding rthro And The Game is For All Ages 
And Im not An Adult Im an Kid
It is not Roblox that Is the problem it's the people who play it
There is so many parents dropping horrible reviews on Roblox saying that it's for 18+ Now imagine this, Having a school game were teachers and students can join and have like a fun but educational game.
Yes there is many trolls and people making fun of the free to play users but that's in every game!
Inappropriate language and material, violence and consumerism.
Parents, it isn't the moderators, it's the toxic and salty community.
However,its not THE best game in existance.
Things that bother me are:
Bullying
Scam bots
Swearing (some cases)
I once joined "Work at a Pizza Place" when suddenly, a person started telling another person started calling them a dumbas.
I tried to mix in and help,but it had the opposite effect.
There are multiple YouTubers who are a bad influence.
yes players have toxic behavior but  roblox staff try there best to ban toxic players from there game all games are ok for kids to plays there are school games baby games even shooting games with zero blood.
if your child is being harassed on the game you can simply report the player then the roblox staff will 90% of the time have that player banned within 1 to 2 days.
also ive been seeing people say that the game is full of hackers and staff dont care.
this is untrue the are barely any hackers and when there is they get banned within a good amount of time.
I look up in the corner of the screen and see someone saying some not so child friendly words.
He told me that was a hacker, and he was going to get banned real soon.
My thoughts on the game went down a little bit.
The community has some bad kinks tho.
The moderations are weak tho.
Roblox false bans at times and the report system don't work.
It will tag inappropriate messages.
Hackers can change stuff into porn, so I recommend to let your child stay away from games that can be hacked easily (meaning that it gets hacked a lot) or just don't let the child play the game, and stay near to the child while they are playing a new game.
Roblox can put a junk load onto your computer.
The community and moderation are poor but with the right enough of protection over your child, him/her can play Roblox.
Roblox doesn't let you say names of anything or doesn't let you say numbers.
But ROBLOX's moderation on the other hand is not that good.
They might ban people for false reasons and not ban people who should get banned.
Also the hashtags are way too strict, you can't even type numbers if you set your account under 13...

Robux is also kind of expensive, but there are premium payouts so you can earn Robux really fast if you make a popular game.
why would you say this game is for 12 years old, if you say, because they can enter bad places.
ITS YOUR WORK TO SEE WHAT YOUR CHILDRENS DO.
Online dating is a problem and Scam bots are to.
Well i give NO single offense of this game, Its just those Rulebreakers.
Somebody that is breaking every rules.
Also k***ing.
Some of them are also Scammer.
What is a scammer?
David is not doing anything about these things.
very violent and bloody my 19 year old son plays this game and i saw him kill a robloxian and it was bloody and i heard a dude say frick and poop .parents be advised this game is also has sex stuff like bobs and alsommy son was playing a bad game called jail break it tought you how how to be a criminal and how to escape prison.
This game is for kids and will be, i heard a report here of someone hacking the game and putting porn on the skybox, lies, to put a picture there you have to upload a file that passes through roblox (a roblox moderator has to review the image) there is violence but there is no blood and theres no noises.
There is no swearing, people have destroyed normal chatting features at this point to even try to swear.
Dont let your “kids” on this but let your teens and 11 year olds on it because most of the reports I saw were “this guy was -input something that your supposed to do here- to them and they reported them and got a warning, they contacted roblox staff why is my ___ not getting justice?
And then they are pissed cause their ___’s account was deleted or temporarily banned.
And 6 year olds dont know that in a fighting game, people are supposed to try and kill you
Not a bad game overall, but you can easily find adult content, violence and swearing in this game.
Let your kids play this game, but under your watch.
I read reviews stating the in appropriate things you hear about Roblox is made up.
I simply typed in “Roblox sex” in YouTube and saw for myself this game can be utterly inappropriate.
Simply telling kids not to use it inappropriately is like setting a loaded gun out in the open and just “trusting” kids not to play with it.
Some kids will obey and use this game “correctly” but because kids are kids and it is adults responsibility to keep them safe from their own inability to do so themselves at young ages I do NOT recommend this game for kids under 16 at best.
I don’t recommend it at all actually!
I strongly advice asking your kids if they are playing this game.
I was shocked to see it played in my daughter FIRST grade classroom.
I am learning you can not assume your kid is safe at school.
I work very hard to protect my daughters eyes and it is very difficult to know this battle just got a lot harder with her in school of all places!
With teachers in a classroom of 25 kids how can they police this?
And yes swearing is blocked like so: #### but 
T
H
E
R
E
Are ways around 
T
H
I
S
Which I saw prevelent.
If there is any "sexual content" roblox usually usually get it down in 24 hours.
You have to give someone your password to get scammed/"hacked" and i got scammed when i was 9.
U parents are idiots sometimes.
U can not send images period if ur child clicked on free dates dont blame roblox.
Its ur  kids fault + roblox will ban the game.
U can not swear bc it turns into ########  Besides there are 4 games to avoid meepcity, life in paradise 1 and 2 and adopt and raise a kid.
Also avoid free rbx games.
i let my daughter sign up to this game thinking its  child friendly.
a person was spamming sexual stuff in the chat (bypassing the TERRIBLE filter!)
he was saying that he will do stuff to my daughter in real life.
and he hacked the game so the background was hentai and other types of porn instead of the default sky background.
HOWEVER, because ROBLOX is an online gaming platform there is going to be online predators, like every online gaming platform, so make sure you monitor your child and only let them accept friend requests from people they know.
I have been on the fence about this website until today.
A hacker replaced kitten wall paper in a game with anime porn.
My 11 year old son had his account deleted at their discretion for purchasing something that was not appropriate but was on the screen and available to get from "their" catalog.
My son, making a poor decision used this item.
I sent a long apology email asking to please give him one more chance as he made an error and realizes it and I assured them it would never happen again.
They wouldn't budge and kep their decision to ban him.
We have spent $$$$ in Roblox purchases and I asked for a refund.
If they want to delete him over one stupid, kid mistake forever, that's their decision, but I waqnt to be reimbursed.
Roblox is capitilizing on our children for money constanty, promoting violent shooting games and yet they act all self-righteous, cancelling a young boy's account and all the money for characters he's purchased.
It is not right that they can keep all the money spent on items we purchased.
Something needs to be done about this.
Recently, her Robux began quickly disappearing from her account as soon as it was added.
Robux has TERRIBLE customer support and, since 12/25, has still not been able to fix the problem with her account.
I suggest everyone avoid this SCAM and money pit.
What a waste of time and my daughter is broken hearted.
As an adult who plays mostly ironically I’ve found that a majority of users are people like me, or slightly stupid children who feel the need to annoy the chat, and get targeted by trolls.
Your child isn’t at risk while playing, but the overall quality of games is questionable.
Yes, there are some diamonds in the rough, but a lot of the featured games are shameless cash grabs with grindy gameplay that incentives using cash to unlock features or speed up progress.
To summarize, roblox is a very mixed bag, and while it does have strengths, my experience has mostly been average, especially with the strange subcultures that exist on the site.
While yes, there are some people who tend to be an annoyance.
I understand the moderation team is very small, however, I wouldn't consider their reporting system remarkable.
Despite all of these pros, there are still many cons to this game.
The moderation system simply isn't built to handle millions of users daily.
Due to this, some users have become incredibly aggressive.
I've sometimes seen inappropriate language centered towards me.
It was my attempt to report such people, but despite this they were unpunished.
Ever since last year, it has gone downhill if only admins will do something.
Mostly this game makes people crazy,the games are copied have very little originality in them oh and did I have to bring up the events?
They are as mediocre as they come.
The groups are cancerous every where you'd go there is bots not very fun and it never will be.
And I didnt know how it was like.
apperently this gave is an onine dating game in a kids games shoes  AND APPERENTLY  there is a lot of  consumerisum and in fact  ITS VERY  NOT SAFE   people CAN AND WILL get into your account and steal EVRYTHING and STAY AWAY from this game  called meepcity AND ITS NOT SAFE ok OK.  just do yourself a favor and dont let your kids play this game!!
ROBUX is a WASTE of money!
IT'S STUPID!!
And robux is so expensive too.
With the swearing, people bypass the filter.
EX #1 - bxxxixxxtxxxcxxxh
EX #2 - $hit (only some can do that to be honest)
EX #3 - F___
Ugh, seriously.
It's great and all, but the swearing, and robux, IS STUPID.
STUPID.
STUPID.
Overall, the game is DISAPPOINTING.
Sorry for my rant, I just had to.
Roblox is also infested with hackers and exploiters that can ruin someone's gameplay experience.
First off, don't go to outdated games.
If a game hasn't been updated in a year, exploiters are bound to be in them.
Honestly, some parents are extremely ignorant and don't check some facts about the game and go straight forward to deleting it and blocking it, which is why this game has such a horrible rating on this website.
If you see a bad review, it's because they don't dig deep enough into the game to realize that they just got unlucky having an exploiter join the server.
Some games involve weapons but some users ask to kiss or makeout in the game if your child  sees this or it happens to then i would recommend just leave the server.
:)And lastly some people in the server might call your child names like lamo bitch jerk and others but not on daily basis
Please parents beware of Roblox.
There are some very violent games on Roblox.
My kids recently started playing games on Roblox  and I just saw my 8 year old play a game that was so violent it disturbed me to the core.
I had to sought out websites like this to warn other parents.
The point of the game were for kids to seek out other kids and stab them.
Please also beware that their customer service support is pretty much non existent.
This kind of filth should not be exposed to our young children.
yes, anyone can join and yes, people can be mean, but it's the internet what do you seriously expect?
if you're going to pick specifically at this game then you might as well just cut off your child's access to the internet completely, because it's otherwise completely unfair.
if you dont know enough about the internet or are THAT worried about your child's safety while using it, then don't let them use it.
don't blame a simple online game for your lack of knowledge.
Well I continued to get charges every day which isn’t possible without me approving them.
It started getting very expensive so I contacted the company.
They first blamed my daughter.
Next email blamed me.
Next email blamed Apple and itunes.
There is nowhere on their site or app where I can remove my credit card and they wouldn’t remove it.
There is nowhere where I can view what my daughter was given for the money they charged us.
They just kept blaming everyone but weren’t willing to work with me on this.
They also told me not to dispute the charges because they would remove my daughter’s account which they did anyway.
Very unethical company.
The community is toxic and friendly.
Its bombarded with little kids online dating making them think there cool.
The moderators do not take action to this and only ban under a stupid circumstance.
Reports do not  work (which is sad) and games are sometimes made for online dating.
But sometimes, these games can be violent.
Some are just bad rip offs of Fortnite (oh no not that game) and some have blood.
The games can also have a small gory part to it.
Some games make it that you don't die like you do in ROBLOX (fall into parts like legos) Sometimes they make it that you grab a gun and suicide.
The prices are way too expensive.
Thats being money greedy.
We've gone from microtransactions to questionable avatars.
Many games (Such as phantom forces) contain weapons that look like something straight out of fortnite.
I told my Kid to not buy the 'Robux' or someting, some day I look my Kid Computer and hes ONLINE DATING over someone and the Roblox Community Security is not responded.
Also He need some 'Builder Club' thing and Roblox is meh and I turn down my Overall My Kids Server Computer.
Also my kid is got SCAMMED by a guy and Hes Crying over day

thanks you Roblox
Ardian
really bad game.
if you want your child's roblox account to be deleted they have to actually get 3 strikes on roblox and get their account exterminated by roblox administrators so if you're wondering you just let your child get their account banned i am 13 and i love roblox and i dont think there is anything wrong with it the phantom forces game aka the game with guns is just a game made for fun it was made by a person of the age 17 or older so dont blame roblox for having it roblox bans games fr inappropriate content like 
In certain games, it encourages the murder of other players, as you can get paid to murder others in the game.
Or you have other games like hide and seek where if you're found you die.
I do not think this game is really appropriate for anyone.
Some of these games encourage thievery and murder.
THIS SITE HAS SEXUAL PREDATORS.
DO NOT LET YOUR CHILDREN NEAR IT.
I was horrified as I had been told there were strict filters etc.
Rubbish.
The makers should be prosecuted.
Is this not illegal?
Unfortunately, there are terrible people out there.
Some people make games that do not censor words, so they can have sex and/or curse, but only in the game.
Other people find loopholes in the game so they can curse, such as saying s h *  *, and not sh**.
I, being an unknowing parent, thought this app was okay.
To be the “cool” on Roblox, you must buy stupid in app purchases.
This is ridiculous.
I’ve told her that this app isn’t good for her, and she has listened.
I’m glad I didn’t let her grow up with it.
If my ten year old isn’t watching Dance Moms then she’s at school, sleeping, posting on social media or playing ROBLOX.
She’s basically now a C student, which concerns me.
Some games however, like Jailbreak, can be very violent.
Roblox also bans players doing no good.
What a load.
Even though he was top of his class, was banned during inspection for an unknown reason and kicked out and black listed.
What SHITE!
From one adult to another SHAME ON YOU ALL.
good game but the online currency "robux" can be a little overpriced at times.
in game he forced my daughter to have sex with him.
one day i wanted to see what they were doing because when they had sex my daughter cried.
so when i checked on them they were necked and she was crying hard.
she said "i dont feel safe anymore!!!!"
my son was grounded for 2 months.i made his account banned forever and gave her all robux he had.
Roblox games is getting too violent
Well i think you should ask your kids which game your kids are playing on roblox first try to stay away from these two games especially: phantom forces and murder mystery 2
ROBLOX is  a great game  but there are a bit of violence you child might play games like Phantom forces (A FPS in roblox) where there is blood not for kids if they play that
Make sure kids dont get into sexual stuff into roblox.
You can avoid it by report abusing or simply block or leave the game.
Yes, there are inappropriate users and games, but what do you expect from a game where you can make anything?
First off all these parents are all being TOXIC about Roblox 
Second off Roblox is actually a really good game, yes you may find a exploiter or a abuser
I'm glad it's something the kids should not be playing.
It brings violence to the mind, last week I was at the dinner table with my son and he forgot his homework.
I did indeed search it up and it came from this outrageous game.
There are no consequences by being chased.
It is a rip-off of the well-known awesome game of Minecraft and it will poison Society.
My daughter's house was destroyed by somebody that said "haha you are homeless now" don't bother with game and definitely don't spend money on it.
Due to the main stream media especially in the United states, articles have been criticizing this game, and most of the parents on this website are saying that "oh dear one minor offence happened that i could have clearly prevented by being a better parent and monitoring my child's content has just occurred who should I blame?
with minor exaggeration this is the parents who put 18+ 17+ and, 13+ , usually with events of hacking ,inappropriate language, and Child predatory actions.
Their are concerning problems about the game such as lack of moderators, and the fact that it takes a while for some bad games to get deleted.
Hacking is somewhat of a problem but you can't blame the entire game for that matter, again monitor your kids account, i myself have played Roblox ever since 2 months of it's release in 2006, and still I've only been hacked twice both times the moderators helped me.
Well roblox is a awesome game but can be inappropriate because of these bypass codes on music players .
It can saw swear words or can say inappropriate words.
I've been playing RBLX for 6 years, its not a sexual gangbanging game!
I have been turning off online daters apart by telling them the truth about ODing sure, i've broke the TOS ,and got banned, but it taught me a lesson,so get your shit together!
So you think that we have extracted violence from Happy Tree Friends.
You think we push each other's profanity buttons all the time...........AND YOU DARE YELL OUT THE FALSEHOOD THAT WE START TO SPRAY FLUIDS WHITE AND STICKY OUT OF OUR BEDS ALL OF THE TIME?!?!??!
I DON'T WANT ANY OF YOU HALF-WITS MAKING FUN OF ROBLOX EVER AGAIN.
So the Safety and privacy concern is that people or as kids can post there Private Stuff as discord,email,Where people live but you do not want some person showing up to you door you dont want that the Too Much Swearing problem as is Roblox does not want you to swear nor Make fun of people on the Web it's not cool though but one more thing is that is Roblox can False Ban You for What you Say or Do it's not what your Kids want..
it only has some violence,  and some bad stuff and money needer, but must of the time its gr8 m8
However, I rated this 12+ since sometimes there is swearing.
Can be risky!
My son was having a roblox sex orgy on his game and I destroyed his ipad with my hammer.
Told him "Next time invite me you condom fail."
I have never seen him come across any harmful content at all.
When I came here to see reviews, I was shocked at the ratings!
All these bad ratings are from parents who do not teach their kids internet safety.
Don't listen to those other reviews, they are just from over-protective parents.
Many of these reviews are either ironic or describe situations that are extremely rare.
And to cancel the account for some parents that want to just change her password and log out SO EASY!
This game is NOT for kids.
I believe that this game is very: Violent, Too much sex, too much swearing, and Safety and Privacy concers.
Don't let your kids play this.
No matter what age you are, you are NOT allowed to curse.
The only violence is the deaths in ROBLOX and in any game's where it's the game's base.
There is no swearing due to ROBLOX's chat filter, but they took it a little too far (you can't even say numbers.
Most parents get this game's idea wrong, and they always see their children playing the wrong games as well.
The community is really salty and toxic.
People are rude and call people out for being "Noobs".
Roblox is basically a cartoon, and is extremely unrealistic.
I mean, who falls apart when they die.
Roblox is addicting, but can cause children to believe false things.
Since "Robux" is highly overpriced, there are many scammer sites that offer free robux in exchange for personal information and account details.
However sometimes the moderation dosen't listen to bullies so I think its 6+ or up
I threw the iPad out the window and was horrified on what I saw.
I was dumbfounded and I made my child learn about the "talk" very early.
The block people just fall apart when you shoot them.
But they DO shoot at each other, which has now spilled out into his real life in disturbing ways.
Price for builder's club or Robux isn't worth the money.
Lots of bullies, cursing, and people that make Roblox not fun to play.
Though this is rare but there games with pornographic content, online dating and tons of other stuff that violate Roblox's Terms of Service rules.
Yet if you report people this is what happens: nothing, and in rare cases, you get banned/terminated for "Violating Terms of Service".
I played Roblox to experience it myself and it was ATROCIOUSLY TERRIBLE.
Even with the chat filter, there are people who can bypass the filter and still curse, it also filters inoffensive words and numbers.
And that's not all there are also scams that say "Go to this website "Sampletext.com" for free Robux".
The Online dating thing needs to stop NOW!
You parents don't want child predators or Pedophiles targeting your children.
Like I said before UNINSTALL ROBLOX AFTER READING THIS IF YOU DON'T WANT SOMETHING LIKE WHAT I SAID TO HAPPEN!
There is some kid games but there are some war games with violence bombs and blood and some assassin games and zombie games with blood.
You ripped me off for 150$ I will tell everyone and you have 10,000 other people you've ripped off drop off the website suckers
But this only scratches the surface.
Most games revolve around mature content and hard-to-understand aspects of gameplay.
As it is a community built game, kids will make worst content and some will make great content.
I'm not saying Roblox has a toxic community, they do.
It's filled with bullies and racists, but that is why I suggest you to be 14 years of age or higher to play because you need to learn how to cope with people.
In all forms of social media, this happens everywhere, sexting conversations, bullying on comment sections, etc.
Humans are just like that, you can't blame the game, it's the users.
+-

Roblox is not for kids.
Roblox tries to censor bad words, but their filter system is terrible, so it doesn't only censor bad words, it censors half of the Vocabulary.
I can't manage to even type out a number in most cases.
I've noticed the system censor the word "Well" as of late.
^ Just an example, frustrating right?
Please, stop complaining, it’s not that bad.
For those who say you need pay so much money, you do not need robux.
Don’t buy it!
Put on age restrictments.
Swearing, same thing, the words go hastagged!
Like come on you can’t even say numbers.
Just please stop, if it’s that bad don’t let your kid play it!
These parents have no idea what they are talking about.
Now exploiters (which are for some reason referred to as "hackers") exploiters can only "hack" games that arent filtering enabled (which all of the games on the front page are fe) Dont allow your child to give their password to a "free robux" game on the front page (they use bots to get up there) Lastly, sexual predators.
Now, this is brought up millions of times, there is a .001% chance you will ever encounter one.
The people that are sending those chats are trolls.
Not sexual predators!
Just block your child's chat.
Some people say reporting doesn't work but that's only because people who tested it out reported people for nothing.
it game suck because a man came up to my child in the room she was playig in and kisd her on moth and ask her wher she leve and sad hi.
I will nevr let her play again becuas innapopiate.
DO NOT PLAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm a kid, 11yrs old, and IT IS TERRIBLE.
Now, in the Frappé Discord server, there are a lot of, inappropriate stuff.
I don't like going into too much detail.
I realized Frappé was just a cheap way for predators to communicate to children.
I don't really recommend this game to everyone, but for parents.
You can report bad contents too.
Cons: Sometimes the community can be bad.
They should just know not to do it.
They also use the world H*ll but not any other word than that.
HELP ME MY ACCOUNT IS GETTING ABSOLUTELY SPAMMED WITH SCAM BOTS HELP ME WHAT DO I DO!!!??!???
also I am clearly not an adult
Parents overreact about minor issues like the games "Adopt A Child" and "Life in paradise."
Roblox monitors try their best to keep kids safe, but many parents think they don't try at all.
It's fine, but there is way too much consumerism, but parents are overeacting, There is little violence only exploits have violence, and people are actually nice to each over!
My child got addicted to this game, and ended up stabbing his teacher with an unsharpened pencil.
I mean, it serves her right for forcing him to throw away his phone in class, but it's still bad.
But the only thing that I dont like is roblox never read the report of reporting super glitcher or hacker, I hope kids need to be careful about these bad guys because they can hack the kids any time.but everthing is very good in roblox, it is the best game I have ever played.
I lied about my age like many other kids, warning parents to not let their children play this game.
It is inappropriate, and the  people who play swear and say bad things that children should not see.
I have seen the horrible community and cyberbullies.
THIS GAME IS NOT GOOD .
DO NOT GET IT BECAUSE IT IS A SCAM.
I don’t know what all the negative stigma about Roblox is about.
If you see a troll or exploiter, just report them and move on.
My only problem is with robux and builder’s club.
I think it’s a bit overpriced.
When i learned it had online chat, I was not happy with the inability to turn chat off.
I did not actually see any normal kid-chat activity; it seemed like older teenagers and up - cussing, talking about sex, and calling each other names.
I took the app off of the ipad and told the kids that there are a LOT of good games to play out there, but this is NOT one of them.
Sadly there also are not too kid-friendly games, like a very "unsocial" game called "The streets", where swearing is very common, it is mainly played by older teens and even a lot of adults.
This game sucks so much Full of exploiters and scammers
A lot of scam bots spam fake robux generators that will take your account and sell it for money Many popular ROBLOX YouTubers like ObliviousHD suck because they scam you for robux ObliviousHD deserves to get terminated because he did very bad things And there are pornographic games where you have sex with NPCs or other players
This affected her grades in school, which I am concerned about.
Also warning to parents: ROBLOX has an anti-parent attitude.
I repeat, it is not.
The filter is quite sensitive if you have even bothered played Roblox for once.
2 - The players
Yes there are a few bad apples out there, but you can BLOCK them.
If you don't like that specific player, just block them.
3 - Places
There are some horrible places, but if you feel SOOOOO insecure about your child, then watch them play.
My daughter refused to get off and I banned the game from the household!
The gaming app reached its ultimate low with roblox the game has kids paying thousands of dollars for a dress or just be be “popular” in the game.
The chats leave our children open to online predators as well.
SOME KIDS GET BULLIED AT SCHOOL AND NOW ONLINE DUE TO THE EXPENSIVE GAME PRICES AND THE WAY THEY LOOK THEY CALL THEM NUBS!!
I also recently found the lead art director, who directly influences the game day to day is a Satanist, Nazi sympathizer, and proponent of child abuse.
His public FB profile can be found at

https://www.facebook.com/iamcrashfaster

There is a lot more disturbing content that can be easily found by children who play Roblox.
I don't know that there is a more dangerous person to be steering the ship,  so to speak, for a children's game.
It replaces bad words with #.
So when your kid is saying something that is against the rules like I am a oder.
If you try to get around the filter Roblox could ban you.
I CANNOT BELIEVE THAT YOU HAVE TO USE REAL MONEY TO GET ROBUX.
THERE IS ALSO NO WAY TO EARN FREE ROBUX.
This game is super violent and inappropriate, there are games where you have to adopt people!
Don’t let your child play this game!
I have seen you videos where youtubers catch daters but it can be reported so a few days ago I reported someone for swearing and sometimes they will have their account deleted or banned you can get it banned for 3days or 14 days or 30 days then if you get reported too much you will get your account deleted some youtubers have found their old account and it will get deleted some games are about working being a citizen and you can get some games that can be very violent like shooting killing some with blood h
However, I do not recommend downloading this on your computer.
Our family computer has gotten a bunch of errors, it has been slow, etc.
even Norton does not see this.
DO NOT GET ON COMUTER.
lick I don't now y all the kids at playing it 247
As with all multiplayer online games, there are always those weirdos.
If you pay attention to what your kid is playing you can make sure they exit a game with an inappropriate player.
So they are quick to leave anything inappropriate.
I have seen parents get mad over the in-game chatting and the messages sent to your child, you can easily disable in-game chatting and messaging.
I wouldn't take this game away from your kids because of a few idiotic kids on the game, just simply disable all chats and add restrictions if your child is too young and you want to prevent online communications.
Roblox is so online that kids are exposed to a lot of different situations a lot of older people playing this game will expose kids to unpleasant situations that could seriously affect how they think the future.
i would sell my children to the devil just to play 15 more minutes of roblox.
I can't imagine how many children predators can create fake accounts on Roblox and get childrens info.
They do not have an option to delete account.
I advised them to remove/delete my children accounts from  their system or I will be contacting an attorney.
thye give u no robuxers
Roblox has many issues, the moderating system doesnt work, so reporting a player doesnt work.
Roblox has very big issues with account theft, hacking, and Online Dating.
ODing (as the community calls it) is the worst issue on roblox because it could easily lead to sexual interaction.
Tell your child to avoid players with "thick thighs" or "Bear mask" or "ice arms/legs" because those players are trying to date on a kids app.
The game can get bloody but there really isnt that much gore involved.
Almost every item for your avatar costs ROBUX, you need to spend real money for robux, and the prices are very unfair.
Only a few players on roblox are actually kind and show respect, but a good chunk of the community are mean, anti-social or just flat out rude.
Overall, dont let your kid play this, wait until they get older.
My 11 year old plays ROBLOX and loves it, but I am concerned; one time she told me that a roblox guy grabbed her and threw her into the bed...can I call this online rape?
This is why you need to watch out for Online Daters.
We have also seen things in the chat like “hey bae get in bed” or something STUPID like that.
The news articles always tell lies about the game.
Most people who try to 'date' doesn't even mean anything by it.
And if they do try doing something 'weird' It's normally their excessive use of YouTube or what their parents have done bringing them up.
It's not predators you should worry about it's what you teach your kids and what they do online with what you've caused them to do.
There's almost no predators on this game, but what online game doesn't have predators anyway?
There's always going to be that 1% like any other online game, you can't expect it to always be 100% clean.
The news will report on whatever they can get their hands on, so don't believe the stupid articles.
Someone could've just wrote something fake and put it in the news for a bit of dosh.
If you really worry about weird things online then just don't let your child even go on YouTube, Xbox, Playstation, Club Penguin Island, Moshi Monsters (If that's still relevant), Bin Weevils, ect.
Don't blame the games, blame the parents who let their child mess around on the darker sides of YouTube or wherever they learn the weird stuff they do on these online games.
Now they only have a moderation team of 17 so it’s hard for them to read reports and moderate everything but they have enough bots on the site so it’s almost impossible to do anything 18+.
Then one day he came home from school and logged in only to find his account had been deleted with the message, “Don’t create accounts just to harass players and break rules.” This was a shock to him.
Neither of us could figure out how or why this happened.
I immediately filed an appeal and asked for proof that my son had violated their rules.
Because the account had been deleted there was no way for me to prove anything or figure out what happened.
The moderator was  extremely curt and offered no assistance whatsoever.
In the end my son was heartbroken and lost not only his money but the connection he had with his classmates who continued to play without him.
Had I known the customer support was this awful I would never have let my son sign up let alone spend his hard earned money on the site.
First of all, the report system is ignored by the staff.
Second, exploiters, a heck of a lot of exploiters.
Third, this is rare, but children pretending to have a girlfriend.
4th, many inappropriate clothes.
6th, horrible filter.
I'm done.
ROBLOX simply isn't what the media portrays it to be.
As you know, the media usually is biased, with things left out and such.
The parents who did publish those articles were simply just uneducated, and never should've let their 8-12 year old children play those games in the first place, and they are the ones completely at fault.
Those "child predators" are 12 year old children trying to get some on an online game, and a couple of clicks to block them should be fine.
If you are someone like me who has playing ROBLOX since the early days, you know that the community has taken a drastic decline.
The website (mostly aimed at 8-10 year olds)  faces lots of censorship, and most people do complain about this and make petitions about it.
This correlates to my 2nd paragraph, describing those articles about child predators.
ROBLOX needed to improve their image on the media, so they had to rule with an iron fist in terms of censorship.
Most of the community does not speak, doesn't play the games correctly, and they just don't use common sense anymore.
WATCH OUT, they are probably all scams as described here: https://gamerzlab.com/roblox-hack-how-to-really-get-free-robux/

I suggest to talk with your kid about this.
However, it have a lot of perverts here.
Everybody can build anything they want, and many does perverted things, without they verify anything.
It have a lot of ODers too, that are spread, and they never ban them.
And it also have a lot of purchases, bully, i do not recommend it for kids.
Yesterday, my daughter's account was banned for 7 days claiming she had made unauthorized charges.
They filed the charges as unauthorized.
Without even contacting US, the PARENTS, Roblox opted to automatically close her account without giving anybody a chance to explain.
My Family friend contacted Roblox AND paypal and explained it was an accidental charge and he was not worried about it and did not want her Roblox account to be closed as we had STUPIDLY dumped money into A VIDEO GAME...

Roblox didn't give a crap, they closed the account anyways and I am now out money because they can't remotely contact the account owner for an explanation or even to try to come to settle any of this.
I'm so angry...Thank you Roblox for stealing money from me
There is also a chat bar where people can chat together, this can cause trouble.
I don’t recommend 6 year olds playing though.
I had one experience where a girl chased me around and was performing and attempting inappropriate acts (examples: humping, kissing, licking, etc.).
After I had contacted them to delete her account, they are telling me they cannot do it.
The community takes the fun out of EVERYTHING.
Half the community is oders, people who think they're cool, and bully others, trollers, just jerks in general, and the other half is just scammers.
Another thing is the rude language and some people blacklisting through the chat filters, which isn't that bad but the rude language could be fixed.
The thing is you CAN'T because roblox doesn't even read their reports.
I've been a roblox member for just about 10 years, and I am not pleased with how it has turned out.
Honestly, the games on roblox aren't that bad unless you look up inappropriate stuff in the games category.
One thing I have a problem is the scammers.
They try to steal your account by telling you to go to some website to get free robux.
And it's spammed throughout EVERY comment section I see!
I wish roblox would start looking through item comment sections and at least try to delete some!
And I have seen mods and admins online roblox to at least delete a few scammers down there.
Overall, honestly awful and disappointing.
The games are good, the mods are terrible, the community is toxic and the items in catalog are good but forcing you into buying robux and BC.
I have repeatedly reported a game on roblox called ATLANTIS NIGHTCLUB that is allowing harassment,hate speech,online dating,discrimination and bullying and nothing has been done about it despite the proof i sent to them.
Soccer moms have no clue, if it was 18 + they will lose more than half the community.
These "inappropiate things" are exploits, half of them cost money.
They arent enough persons to ban all hackers in 1 day.
Exploiters are in all games oh and all games will have sex in it its called R34 shut up oh and just take away their iPad you retards oh me post on facebook me child have sex in game halp me xdd let me ruin roblocks xdddddddd
July 2018; Roblox was hacked and a little girls character was gang raped.
People are constantly trying to jailbreak the app to get free robux.
The games have terrible themes anyway so not a fan and no longer let my boys play it.
Roblox was poorly moderated and we chose to close our sons' accounts.
We had to e-mail the company--there is no cancel account or delete account feature.
However, instead of canceling the accounts, Roblox sent  several follow up e-mails with incorrect information, reminding me that only a parent can cancel the account.
I have yet to have my request completed.
Edited to add: Roblox sent an email saying they would delete the account only if I could provide the pin number for the very first game card redeemed for the account.
This is a ridiculous requirement.
Honesty this game is a mess, my son (who is 8 years old) got into "ROBLOX" when one of his best-friend show him the game.
I thought the website was fill with heartless, friendly, innocent people, but boy I was wrong.
I then told my son to delete his best-friend on ROBLOX.
The next week I caught him doing some disgusting acts to another boy, my son was at this dance club on ROBLOX blackmailing a boy to suck on his "penis".
I immediately closed the computer and ground him for 5 months.
Please parents, watch over your kids and don't get him or her into these kind of territory's.
However the amount of vulgar language I see and references that are used by other kids is completely unacceptable.
And unfortunately reporting doesn't do anything and these moderators (at least the ones I've dealt with) were prejudice and banned me for no reason.
So there was someone who was ranting about their political beliefs, and personally I don't think stuff like that belongs in a kids game for other children to see and be exposed to.
I tried to politely tell the person that they shouldn't be discussing these topics on here, and later that evening I was banned for 3 days for "hate speech".
When I tried to appeal the ban, the moderator told me that I WAS THE ONE AT FAULT here and that what I did was supressing the other person.
But like I said, there are just certain political and controversial topics that kids shouldn't be exposed to at a young age.
Aside from that issue, there are a lot of instances where kids are recreating sexual acts.
For all we know there could be child predators posing as kids, and if you are a parent who's reading this, please make sure your child is using a 12 you and under account, which has increased privacy and will protect your child from this garbage, but overall, it's just best if you didn't let your child play Roblox.
I see Online Dater all the time and its un safe to online date.
Not like some game that tell kids to kill and be violent.
But after that, there are problems.
First, robux is cheap, but here is the problem.
My cousin said that ROBLOX ripped his family off by making I’m pay more for robux then the usual.
And since they have removed tix, there have been numerous games that have a gravestone of tix in it because roblox had removed tix and I believe this is so that people can’t get anymore free robux and are greedy in money for people buy robux, and I am not buying any robux.
But I have one problem.
Now for the configuring page, I have just one problem... WHY DO YOU FILTER MY TEXT.
THERE IS NO CURSING IN THE TEXT, NO PERSONAL INFORMATION AND NOTHING INAPPROPRIATE.
So in conclusion, Roblox can be fun in all BUT IT HAS PROBLEMS.
By the way, I am not an adult and it says so for some reason.
Also, there are a lot of people who are not kids, hacking the game and saying bad words.
For example, if you tried to say something bad, it would turn the word to hashtags : ######
It even hashtags out numbers, so kids can't giver out their age.
P.S There are also some violent game where you shoot people and some blood appears.
Roblox isn't a bad website, but isn't a good website, While in game remember this...
It is common to meet exploiters, trolls, and hackers.
and Some places/games in Roblox will be inappropriate for your kids in some way and some games will be inappropriate in ways you wouldn't think your child would see.
(Note: The Place will get banned after numerous reports about the place is headed to them) and The Community has bad parts, I did say it's good but only some parts.
and Roblox during 2013 used to be free, and Yes, Their was monetization but it uses to be an option, but now, if see a roblox game that is good (BLOXBURG) you have to pay for it, and the youtube community about this website is horrible but many channels are good about roblox like Epikrika, KonokeKitten, MrObviou.... Ah.. Never Mind that..............
 
Also Remember there is no way of getting free robux

So is it a good website and my saying is Yes but remember this, You will see in a common day on ROBLOX, 
When chat is enabled, the 14-16 year olds tend to abuse it and speak nasty language by misspelling or using placeholder words to say adult/substance/voilent related topics.
The Roblox moderation team is great, but they are also greatly outnumbered, so it's difficult to be perfect.
Recently, Roblox has not been that great of a platform in the eyes of many.
Violence:
Roblox has several genres of violent games such as first person shooters, murder, Russian roulette, horror, battle royale, zombies, heists, and if you are able to go deeper into the site, you can even find torture and suicide games on the site.
Sex:
Although you cannot find this genre of games particularly normally, there are several games that have been infested with such terrible content, but have been taken down.
Content like this come in the form of exploits (as mentioned earlier in the review) which are not related to the Roblox company.
There are also online communities that are dedicated to making Roblox pornography, which again, none of this content comes from Roblox themselves and these people are not affiliated with the company.
As you can see in many other reviews, the lists have been abused to the point where you can no longer use certain letters, words or numbers due to them sounding similar to inappropriate words.
No player should join any of the websites that are being promoted, as again, none of these website are directly affiliated or sponsored by the Roblox company in any way.
If you input your password in any of these games/websites, you run the risk of having your current currency spent or transferred, your e-mail and password being changed or have your account banned doing something you did not do.
This game contains content in which you may not feel comfortable viewing or have your child viewing.
I have reported them and nothing happened.
Roblox targets kids and completely lacks moderation.
This company is disgusting.
There is games you can even play due the the bullying and harrassment.
Roblox should be SUED for targeting our children, cause they absolute lack of moderation subjects our kids to porn!
You have to buy crap for up to $99.99 which is ridiculous.
common sense media thinks roblox has sex but it doesnt roblox is for kids all ages and should not be demonitised
Roblox support is virtually non-existent for parents.
I had issues with Roblox and my kids and needed to resolve a few things.
As a parent without an account I had no way to contact Roblox.
There is a lot of sexual content and mean players in it who get triggered if you say the wrong thing or wear a shirt with something that they don't like on it.
Every player on the game is very judgmental and competitive with one another.
Many of the children on the game dress inappropriately and the parents of the child's account don't know that online they are acting like a completely different person who has sex virtually at such a young age or talks and dates strangers who they don't even know.
I'd recommend this game to a parent who wants to moderate and watch every move their child makes because there are many pedophiles and perverts on the game.
It also makes your child learn about bad things at such a young age and I learned this through experience because I've been playing it since 2013.
Also, robux and builders club these days is such a waste of money and I wouldn't recommend spending a penny because in a year your child will eventually quit the game.
most people overreact to this game sure roblox dont ban hackers but itsa game for any age heck some of the games even have age restrictions so please dont overreact i play roblox myself and there is a game with a bit of blood that is on the main page its called ro ghoul and its about the player being a ghoul and having to kill humans and absorbing them when the player hits somone with their sword (kagune) there is a small cloud of blood and they changed the eating animation from eating the human to absorbin
Roblox has no swear words, but sadly, some other players think otherwise to that.
Other adult reviews are making reviews about other players being older and try to get past the filter system saying profanity, or even hacking the chat system.
This has NOTHING to do with Roblox, but I would say ROBLOX needs to actually be more strict with them instead of not reading report reviews most of the time.If a parent is reading this, PLEASE tell you child the following: 1. do NOT give any private information, including the least concern, which is age.
2. do NOT fall for the "free robux" scams, as this will take any robux on your account, or even take your account itself.
(if this happens, contact Roblox immediately.
3. leave games quickly if something looks odd in the game such as deleted parts, different images, etc.
this means the game got hacked by a hacker, or maybe the hacker is still even in the game.
those strangers may be hackers or may be above 18 years of age.
ROBLOX does ban players that don't follow the terms of services, so don't worry about that.
If one sees another doing something inappropriate or whatnot, you can even report them, but this is optional.
I'm sending a message to other kids, please listen.It's too easy to forget that robux cost REAL money and will get billed to the card on file (aka your parents).
Take it from me, I did it and I lost my mom's trust.
I take responsibility for my actions, but the game developers know kids can and want robux, and they should make it harder to get.
4 months later I still haven't paid my mom back for all the charges and I still don't have my xbox back.
But  the worst part is that I lost and still haven't earned her trust back which makes me feel lousy.It wasn't worth it, take it from me .
This is part of what makes it fun and unique, but also what makes it dangerous for children and teens.
It is a fact widely acknowledged by long-time players that, over the years, Roblox has slowly evolved from an outlet for creativity into an exploitative, poorly-moderated, cash-grabbing heap of rubbish.
Unfortunately, players who do not purchase robux are frequently harassed by other players and denounced as “noobs.” In many cases, the games themselves are spammed with shop links and game passes which encourage the player to spend robux for useless upgrades.
My greatest concern, however, is with the poorly-moderated and negligent administration.
On Roblox, users can purchase Nazi uniforms, or similarly inappropriate user-generated attire, with no consequence.
The profanity filter is commonly and easily bypassed by users, so your child may witness excessive profanity, sexting, and similar vulgarities both in-game and in private chat.
My niece and nephew, for instance, have each been solicited by random perverts on roleplaying games.
From my experience, Roblox’s profanity filter mirrors the current state of the app itself; it is unnecessarily strict for many harmless words, while ignoring the real problems.
There is a moderation system in place, but it is poorly managed, to say the least.
Many reports go unnoticed, so many offences go unpunished.
I have reported bullying, profanity, sexual “online dating,” and hate speech on numerous occasions — most were ignored.
I have reported hate groups affiliated with Nazism and white supremacy — all were ignored.
I have reported users with inappropriate profiles (including, in one instance, Nazi propaganda and a “Heil Hitler”) — and all were ignored.
I have reported well-known sexually-based games and popular hangouts which allow uncensored music — and all were ignored.
If you want my honest opinion: yes, Roblox CAN be fun and positive, but it is ruined by rampant corruption, consumerism, inadequate moderation, and horribly inappropriate content.
It appears Roblox has been having issues with filtering content, and users have made a game if subverting those filters, posting violent or sexual content and using substitute swear words.
You should keep children offline with Roblox, or simply not use it, because Roblox is not enforcing kid safe policies well.
This game should not be for kids specially under 12.
Too much violence, kids will learn less positivity  but more negativity from this game.
We should not allow to play this game to kids.
Although the characters and the gameplay has a Minecraft feel this platform is far from kid-friendly.
I was horrified to find out some of the games my 8-year-old had been playing contained sexual content.
This game is a ticking time bomb and not safe for kids!
There was people referencing alcohol and drug usage and doing sex acts and using dirty language.
Never ever ever play this game.
THIS IS NOT TRUE AND IS VERY DECEPTIVE.
Only private messaging is limited--communication with ANYONE playing the game is available at all times, just not private, leading to a much greater privacy risk than we had anticipated.
While she enjoys the game, she has also experienced (to our dismay) her first online bullying due to this inability to control who interacts with her.
Also, many of the games within Roblox are more violent than we had expected from a platform that markets itself for children.
Some users are even attaching "particles" that blast audio bits or visual images that are sometimes pornographic.
This is not allowed but it can happen before the game shuts it down.
Which brings me to my last issue: Our experience with Roblox customer service has been truly one of the worst I have ever seen.
I exchanged multiple messages and each time got a reply from a different person, and even after six or seven replies from different people, there was no interest in helping with a relatively simple question--how to reset a lost password.
They would not allow her to do this through the password reset button because we did not have a credit card on file, even when I offered to add one through customer service and to verify her account ownership by answering any questions they wanted to ask (list of friends, device IP, recent logins, etc).
Now my daughter cannot ever log out of the game or she loses everything she has created in the game.
I cannot believe that she is the only young child who has forgotten a password and does not have an open credit card attached to her account.
When I pointed out that the question had  not been answered even though I had politely asked each of the 6 or 7 people for help, I got the reply that "we cannot help you with this issue."
Very disappointing.
We feel a little scammed between the lack of actual security provided to the children's communication and the inability to provide a simple service like a password reset without a previously associated credit card.
Several of my mom friends and I agree that letting our kids have it is one of our biggest regrets in terms of parenting decisions.
Honestly as a person who actively plays Roblox  I personally believe that if your child is under the age of 13 parents shouldn't allow their kids to play.
It has people who act very idiotic and say inappropriate things or commit inappropriate actions.
The Roblox censor system is very bad so alot of kids can replace or add letters to be able to say the word.
For example, the word fuck, they could say "fvck" .
Also, don't waste your money on the games currency also known as "Robux"; it's a waste and the currency gets spent fast.
I definitely think there are great things to this game, but there are many problems.. One is the influx of teenagers thinking that they're cool by attempting to bypass the swear filter (and succeeding).
Not only that, it is too easy for kids to grab a credit card and spend all the money they want with little to no verification on purchases.
There are also a few games on here that represent sexual acts (which ARE in fact usually removed, but not quick enough.)
and games that involve a lot of weaponry and murder.
While there are many innocent games, the violent ones definitely should make Roblox bump up their minimum age limit.
Sometimes stupid pop-ups appear like: Kicked by server or LOST GAME ID.
THEY'RE SO USELESS AND POINTLESS.
Some games do not save data and and when "kicked by server'" pops-up IT RUINS EVERYTHING.
DONT EVEN BOTHER TRYING SUCH GAMES ON THIS STUPID COMMUNITY.
None of the stuff us bad stuff that says porn is only there because of fake websites and viruses if there is any it get deleted immediately and the swearing is censored.
or its costs money to play it without money the company would go bankrupt.
But furthermore, most of these games don't even function properly, so you are plagued by a child running up to you every 30 seconds saying, "Why doesn't this work?"
I would NOT consider this kid friendly whatsoever, especially since there is nothing rating the interactions in these chatrooms/worlds/"games."
Some of the games are ok,  the others are very violent.
I just banned my daughter recently after I found she was playing a game where you run around with knife and keep stabbing others.
Secondly there is a history of online daters who date on roblox, in which they don't care about.
If their so called "Report Abuse" button worked, then there would not be a petition to remove a single individual user on roblox.
He has been exposed on youtube to be one of those unholy things.
As a parent and guardian of two children who plays on Roblox, I highly recommend avoiding this game at all means.
They  will not handle your situation in time, professionally, and they will just read off their script on customer service.
Their virtual items are too expensive and you might be scammed on that game by malicious users.
From what I have heard, they also have the mannerism to terminate you in the most unfair way.
This game is anything but safe.
EDIT: Roblox will also side with these pedophiles.
But then we started to notice how the chat feature, and images in games started to turn vulgar and explicit.
Reporting does not work, in essence, because they are apparently inundated with reports.
And though some parent groups have volunteered to help in moderating for on-the-spot bans, they have been refused.
The problem is persistent, and is not being resolved.
This is, in my opinion, not a good game for any age, but definitely not for young kids.
I would skip it.
This is my first problem; the prices are outrageous.
I looked at some cosmetic items and in game items and saw how everything was way overpriced, but this is not my only complaint.
My child began to talk and act differently; he began to swear and act violently toward me and others.
I was afraid something happened at school but, no, it wasn't that.
It was that game; it ruined my child.
I looked into it and saw violent shooters and stuff that had KILLING AND MURDER.
We being believers in God, I immediately spanked my child for being so disrespectful and restricted his use of the computer, and if he did need it i would need to be supervising.
Sorry it says i'm and adult, I honestly don't know how to change it.
I do warn parents and families that the community isn't the best.
Stay away from roleplaying games like "Boy And Girls Dance Club" or "Robloxian High School.
And for parents overreacting calling us "toxic players" we are far from that.
my son die
I know a lady whose daughter was invited into a room and the characters were doing all kinds of sexual acts.
Do not let your kids play this game.
This game hosts a toxic player base, violent games, and is a money trap.
The kids use the chat to talk inappropriately and can be very mean to each other.
There is quite a bit of cyber bulling and it can be difficult for kids (even ones that have been educated about internet safety) to avoid getting roped into doing unsafe things or giving out identifying information.
I think that this is a bad thing though, because the child will be tempted to sneak back on and play without permission.
Since I couldn't delete the account that was made without parental permission, I got on it and changed the password, username, and avatar, and removed everyone on the account's friend list because it was the closest I could get to deleting it.
I highly recommend not letting your children play Roblox as it is unsafe, is a potential breeding  ground for predators, is highly addictive for young kids, and is like a virus because you can't get rid of it.
Theres scamming, bribing, Pornography in the worse case but this is no fault to roblox its the games poor design that people are exploiting on kids!
The games I found out that where the most unsafe where RPG Roleplays or what they call RP.
Avoid games that are cartoonish as these are uselly the most dangerous ones.
And here are some stuff they say that you dont know is bad but for a kid it's my knowledge.
This is a scam tool and is trying to trick you to taking a survey for their own profit.
Also another is FCU this means "Fuck You" and is uselly unseen by parents as of its spelling.
Unfortunatlly this cost the games in game currency "Robux" but if you join small lobbys your kid should be safe.
CONCLUSION Roblox is filled with a bad community and has turned its PG to a MA but if you as a parent monitor your child you are sure they will be safe
In this game there is lot of curse words, Violence and Sexual content!
I Don't recomment playing it
Its fucking minecrap with Lego atleast my 4 sons know what masturbate mean now
Your child should NOT get this game.
Pretty much all things children should not be exposed to can find its way on Roblox.
We ban all multiplayer games in our house.
When people say its bad, theyre wrong because roblox teaches how to code, there is a diasble chat area too, as people can swear by saying, " FXZK!"
i see a lot of people leaving reviews about the bad things of roblox like online dating and bullying  but they can just leave the game there is no point to not letting your kids play when they can just leave the game and play a different game
However, one day at school the violin teacher was ill. You would've thought I did violin like everyone else.
However, Mother got a bit angry when she heard the news.
"But," I thought to myself, "he never completed it."
I decided that I would quit.
However, one day, on Lion Roleplay there were curses.
If one Robloxian however, says a swear word in its true form it will be "#n" n id the number of letters in the curse word.
However, they COULD say sheet for "***t" and faq for "f***".
Also, RAGE AND SCAM OF MONEY.
Children will either beg for your money, or beg for more chore wages.
Then we get SILENT REPORTS.
Also, games with GUNS AND BOMBS.
These games involve destroying iconic cartoon characters.
Finally, RIGGED AWARDS, SEMI-RACISM AND MISTREATMENT.
Whell, Roblox is a good game, but however there is some swearing on the game, but some of it is sencored by a #.
Even though people have found ways to swear on the game.
So i dont reccomend you getting Roblox for your children.
I confronted him about the dangers of what he called 'ODing', and I took back the account by force, and told him to never play the game again.
My little brother is 12, and it's kinda shocking on how much information ROBLOX can feed my little brother.
So far, i've been constantly harassed, and even been 'cursed out', sometimes even called 'Bad'.
Not to mention that the game is filled to the brim with exploiters.
It is not a joke, ROBLOX actually changed, from a redesign to even the community becoming a toxic wasteland.
ROBLOX's moderation team will barely do jack-shoot about Online Dating, or even put out punishments for these so-called rules that they want you to follow.
It shouldn't be THAT hard to monitor a simple chat, than ban them.
ROBLOX's moderation isn't the worst thing ever.
The worst thing, besides the community and the moderation is the consumerism.
Oh my god.
If you're planning on making money without paying actual money, I suggest giving up, cause there is practically NO WAY to make money, without being forced to go into your wallet, especially when Tix got removed.
Overall, this site has went downhill, and turned into a completely, toxic community that is not safe for your children.
Numbers are also banned, and children 12 and under have extra settings to keep them safe.
Bad things may happen ONLY if you don't monitor their actions time to time.
And no matter what, bad people find a way into everything.
We are from Bolivar Republic and I no accept this.
I say no and I call the police.
He sent it me porno video of a  stupid topless naked striped LEGO man on top of my doghter.
I spanked her and disiplin the guy by shooting him in ass hole.
He no more bully my children I am not sexy.
There is more bad that eats away the good.
Kids who play this game can lead others to give away personal infomation.
There is something where the game uses the pound “#” to block out bad talk.
The words can be very immature and they need to find a solution to this issue.
Kids can also be very rude.
A few games can be fairly violent and horrifying to kids.
Then Roblox abruptly terminated their accounts and seized all their purchases because our credit card company erroneously initiated some chargebacks.
They didn't care, and even planned to keep $100s in pre-payment on yearly subscriptions with no refund.
I posted a nasty review on the BBB site and then they reinstated my kids accounts.
However, they still confiscated some of their purchases to "compensate" for the error the card company wouldn't rectify for a few weeks.
Just think how you explain to your kids how their purchases with chore money can just be taken away like this through no fault of their own.
I suggest you just don't let them get started and don't financially support this reprehensible company.
I personally have never found any "pedophiles" on the site, all this online dating is mainly 10 year olds who go too far in roleplay and are simply kids either trolling or having a laugh, the site has taken countless measures to protect children such as having a 24/7 moderation team who read reports and moderate any images in the site that may be inappropriate.
I thought it seemed pretty innocent at first, but then he started getting nerve-racking messages!
Some of them I do not believe are appropriate enough to repeat on this kid-friendy website.
I told him not to talk to people on Roblocks, but he didn't listen to me.
I grounded him from this game for 2 weeks, and I took away his Leapfrog Epic Academy.
I instructed him to stop playing Roblocks after this.
He told me he was getting bullied.
I was outraged!
Romans 1:29-30 Their lives became full of every kind of wickedness, sin, greed, hate, envy, murder, quarreling, deception, malicious behavior, and gossip.
They are backstabbers, haters of God, insolent, proud, and boastful.
They invent new ways of sinning, and they disobey their parents.
My son, sinning in my house!
While I have not and have no wish to play this game, I have enough knowledge about it to know that it is an UNSAFE "game", if you can call it that!!
The only "sexual" stuff I have seen are kids joking around about sexual material, which isn't serious.
The only problems I have are that you can bypass the safe chat, but it is extremely hard to do so now.
If you are worried about toxicity in the chat I advise you to turn off the chat in settings.
Also you should always monitor what child play on Roblox because there are users who deliberately try to break rules.
Beware of scam messages that say something like "You were chosen to recieve free robux, just go on (link of scam website)."
They are designed to steal passwords from users.
Also if you spend money on Roblox to buy virtual currency called Robux or any kind of Roblox membership if you want to refund those bear in mind that account will be banned forever.
I  saw my child looking at some inappropriate images.
He went on a new game called doom disaster (has since been removed) and up cane highly pornographic material.
There are some horror stories out there since users can create and upload their own games so super hard to regulate and content does not suit the suggested age range.
Kids need to be more cyber aware before playing this game and scary to think it’s mainly aimed at 8-14 year olds.
There can be some dangerous things young children need to be careful of too.
Don't even bother with this game, it's 2018 and it still haven't improved one bit.
From online dating to cyber bullying.
In fact, this game worsen, there are now exploiters strolling through Roblox's security.
It is pitiful!
Just the thought that people are actually saying, "Roblox is easy to hack."
Blasphemy.
Do not expose your child-- anyone to this game.
It is too slow to catch up with society therefore too slow to improve to contain the safety of the players.
THIS GAME IS HORRIBLE!!!
my child got bullied and the people on roblox FIND WAY TO CUSS!
THEE ALSO MAKE SEXUAL REMARKS AND ASK FOR AGES REAL NAMES BIRTHDAYS AND LOCATIONS DO NOT LET YOUR CHILD GET THis!!
There is bullies everywhere, and every server there is bullies!
My daughter was playing roblox and someone hacked a game, and put a picture in the sky of a scary girl!
Also, there is a lot of sex, violence, drugs, and dating in the game.
And, I think ROBLOX should be shut down NOW!
not good for kids at all they will get scams thrown at them and theres alot of acount theift
This online gaming platform is a disaster.
Sometimes it's fine, but there are too many scammers and other bad news folks on it.
Trading items is a huge part of the game, and our son was scammed for over $100 worth of material.
The game moderators and Roblox themselves did nothing in response, despite having sufficient evidence that a scam had occurred.
There are many accounts online of children engaging in dishonest behaviour to try to get stuff.
It may not be a problem when they're younger and you're able to fully monitor their online activity, but if they keep playing it, there will be problems.
im warning you parents you'll be sorry!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The purchasing is very difficult to control, and limit.
I've been playing ROBLOX since I was 12 years old, but 6 years later, my account was terminated under a false accusation of an unauthorized charge.
Apparently the limit to taking action on this kind of issue is 30 days, and if you don't do anything they delete everything that has to do with your account.
Prior to this "unauthorized charge" they didn't send me a warning that my account was in danger of being deleted, I didn't even find out until 4 months after it's termination.
So far, I have been trying to resolve this issue, but the customer service is horrible.
Every time I send an email we never get a direct response, and when I do I'm redirected to call the company, which instantly brings us to an automated voice mail, and no assistance.
I wouldn't suggest playing unless you know that your money and account are safe and not at risk of being flushed down the toilet.
None are 2018, there may be some but I couldn't find any.
It just puts tags(#) for stuff inappropriate.
Disadvantages!
:
1.Overpriced products.You cant change your avatar unless you pay.This is a totally 'pay to play' game.I got bullied quite alot of times because i didnt have any robux and i ended up paying to get some.Moreover, you cant create shirt/pants or publish more than one game unless you pay for bc.This is not 'powering imagination' as roblox says.
The community.There are many bullies out there  and there is no player that was not a victim.Warning: all these three years that i was playing roblox, roblox did nothing to stop them.Moreover, there are dangerous people who steal personal info.
3.Online Dating(OD).ODing is a huge drawback of roblox.There are players who do some inappropriate acts(REALLY INAPPROPRIATE ACTS) and hangout like they 'know' each other ending up giving personal info.
There are soooo many disadvantages i want to write down but they are countless and i cannot keep typing forever.
For all parents I have just one thing to say:Do not allow your children who are under 10 to play this game.I have only 2 close friends and play games only for fun.
Recently, the forums were shut down permanently because of a you-tuber called quackityHQ.
He got his fans (mostly children and pre-teens) to spam the forums and get the mods and admins to un-ban him.
The player-base has some individuals who constantly call me noob, or ugly.
But remember to tell your children "free robux" sites are fake and potentially dangerous.
If you can't afford to spend real money prepared to be called a 'noob' and be constantly made fun of by so-called pros (who usually buy and dress in the most expensive and 'cool' clothing)  and at times you even get singled out just because of your appearance.
It's messed up and I feel like the game developers are money-hungry,  why else would the only accessible way to get Robux is to spend your hard-earned money in order to customise your character, buy fun stuff and unlock cool features in this game.
They don't even offer daily logins to get them,  or watch videos or do surveys to get them.
But the worst part of all is the bullies - many 7-12 year olds are exposed to the negativity and I think the company should really do something to minimise the bullying.
ROBLOX is a great starter game, but I noticed they were taking off models and decals from me because they were inappropriate.
This is RUDE and there is NO inappropriate things in the item.
It's just ROBLOX's fault.
Beware the shooting games and the online dating and there are hashtags.
I also hate that we need real money for ROBUX.
If for some reason they remove an item from their catalog, it is like throwing it away.
You cannot get the item back and they will not refund the Robux ($).
Their customer support is less than helpful.
They do have violent games sometimes.
This was my main issue with it, being that they could chat with any player they came across.
I also saw a few people mention about their kids being called a "noob" because they didn't buy in game money, but turning off chat fixes that.
However, without chat, it just simply makes them look strange.
My child loaded the app , the next thing we know is we are being charged $55 for something we surely did NOT authorize.
This is kind of sleazy , get a kid to download an app then sneak in charges for some subscription!
Now I have to fight this with PayPal and Credit Card.
NOT HAPPY
it is addicting and uses swear words and does not send across a good message.
My son couldn’t see that the real people he was chatting with were not just an extension of their characters and were rather Strangers.
DON'T LET YOUR CHILDREN PLAY ROBLOX, I FOUND FETISH GROUPS AND SEX GAMES ON THIS WEBSITE.
cringy faces and is stupid
Now I cant bother going through reviews and seeing people like "Oh meh god, to much violence, and to much bad stuff" let me say even though lots of them are from like 2013 when their moderation and censoring wasnt the best (The moderation is still trash) if you try saying anything even, CLOSE to a swear, its just "well #### you!"
and chances are its just "#### #### ###!"
(I haven't played it in a while) then they complain there is too much violence, well it's a game called, Phantom Forces, or some other CoD like game it's god, damned ROBLOX, it's not like it's a full on "Saving Private Ryan" scene, where you have people trying desperately to hold their guts in or walking around with their dismembered arm just to be shot by a MG, or running out of the landing craft on fire (I am a history buff) and I've played a game on ROBLOX called, "D-Day" where you can play as the German
I don't think it has positive messages, and there is bullying but I swear you soccer moms are, pothetic...
Also, why does it matter if somebody doesn't spell right.
Grammar Nazis.
This game is not 18+... Roblox banning innaporate things and tagging(####) innaporate words Okay.... you cant say its bad game its good game but if you say idk.. like 8 year old kid chatting with stranger.. just block the stranger and done... Easy do not hate me.. thi is my rating...
This game had one rob banks, jewelry stores and people for Robucks to purchase items.
There are too many games that make it difficult to advance just by playing the game without spending ‘real money’.
I have never seen my child so obsessed with a game.
I actually just blocked the entire site from every device.
He had at least 15 usernames and there was no way to control it.
He now cannot even access www.roblox.com.
He turned into an angry, aggressive, and obsessed child that only talked about Roblox.
Watching my children play now is an interesting experience but I have seen this game in particular have some very negative effects on both my 5 year old and 12 year old.
Thus in turn having a wide selection of games to play that children love to explore but most are extremely crude and non polished to the point of being almost unplayable.
You will see some good designed games out there but the trash far outweighs the good.
With this type of environment will come the eventual child breakdown , crying, anger, full blown meltdowns as they get stuck in geometry, get stuck because again it’s a crudely designed game by amateur game designers, have their points not register, and fave griefing from other players whose sole focus is to annoy the other players.
The list of things that will go wrong while playing this game could go on for much longer then I can write.
Your children will be exposed to violent games that users create that replicate figures such as Freddy , Jason, creepy pasta figures, and so on.
There is also a high emphasis of designing non sensical games on popular internet memes, some of which are not appropriate for children under the age of comprehension of what satire means.
I believe that this game has to much violence !
Roblux is plagued with security flaws and scammers who are constantly trying to take advantage of your children.
These strangers instead  hack your child's account, and if you are unfortunate enough to have it tied to a credit card or mobile plan, the fees become enormous.
Because of this, I used the two step verification, and still the account got hacked.
Any programmer can tell you that the whole app is poorly designed.
I have reluctantly and carefully let my children play Roblox and although they SOMETIMES got excited and had fun, they also get horribly distraught over getting ripped off (seriously, I've spent lots of money and games have stolen their "robux" money)  and get they have gotten repeatedly  bullied by other players.
It is a nightmare I wish I never started.
also even though you may be called a noob boi you do not know a insult as a kid I got teased way worse than being bad at a game I got teased for being the smart one physicaly and mentaly.
finaly all the others with drinking,and swering uh check your facts as of 2018 roblox has gotten to be better i go in and see crap typed in one out of 30 games I join also why the heck would a kid go into a game with weed,cocain,alchahol they do not know about that and the haome screen would never contain those games finally I guaranty you check out other games on the web they are worse  also your reason that your kids may have got bann from the game is because they hacked them selves some robux and will no
That doesn't make make money off of children or their unwilling parents though.
Throughout the year they have gained our trust and quickly lost it again through this game.
Let me first start by warning that there are definitely creeps playing this game.
Some of our issues: Cyber Bullies -- for real, "kids" they don't even know.
The music is "clean" versions, but IT IS NOT KID FRIENDLY music content even with the F word blocked.
There are hack videos all over Youtube.
And my favorite complaint of all?
This may be a looking kid-game, but the games, the content and the following is not appropriate for kids.
Maybe high school kids that are REALLY bored.
Roblox needs to get this gaming community under control.
Roblox might have bad stuff but it is easy to avoid.
And I did lie about age.
ROBLOX was never intended for kids.
I don't understand why people say ROBLOX is a kids game.
The worst things are that ROBLOX administrators don't monitor the platform much.
It also has robux, which is a waste of money.
There are also many games with violence and guns such as BLOODFEST, but players can choose what to play.
Some games are under the radar and have 18+ things, which is a bad thing.
Even though they get banned a lot, they're still there.
As a player of ROBLOX alongside my nephew, I highly dislike the fact ROBLOX is censoring the most stupidest words ever, some people can't type out numbers or even put the actual number, and they can't even say certain words, and the words I cannot say are of course the numbers and these few words: "Friend" "Parent" "Guardian" and "Guide" like, it's getting to the point where it's becoming another game called "Wizard 101" (Which I have played before and found it fun, but censorship is again bad.)
My child played this for 2 months but one day on an app called "Adopt and raise a kid" the chat of other users said "come and suck my ####" and "any cute girls wanna have ###" I saw my child being on a bed while a guy said "sucks ####"
I made him delete his account and uninstall,don't let your kid play this!
This is not safe I found child predators pretending their 10 but really 60 they asked what school you go to and where do you live how old are you.
Contains violence such as jeff the killer slenderman and stuff like that.
I don't recommend this for kids.
It is very stupid and I hate it.
The one thing that I would have to complain about is how difficult it is to get your account back, if hacked or lost.
This is a big problem that many people face as usually, most people throw the game card out after it has been used, as it has been rendered useless, but  without that or no other information on the account that can be used to verify your ownership of the account, they will not assist you any further and will close the case.
Dont let your kids play this.
My child faked his age to get on this game, stole a credit card to purchase items on the game.
They have done nothing to stop this activity.
They will not close the account even though it was fake age, fake address, fake name, as well as a stolen credit card.
Yet they will continue to take money from the account when my kids gave the password to another kid to "keep playing" for him.
I informed the company and still did nothing.
I changed the password and removed billing information from the gave and opened actions against this company.
Fortunately my credit card has gotten most of the money back but this game is nothing but a scam.
There are articles out there from pedoifiles telling others how to chat with kids on this game.
Its sick and the game developers only care about your money.
Be aware, these people are sick.
Well, that's not it.
You also can't put social media links.
Non-Privacy mode: Basically the opposite of what i just typed.
-----------------------------------------------------------------

Too much swearing:

Again, there isn't too much swearing.
for example, someone in the game i was in said "fusck".
It worked for a day, but now it's censored.
Also, my friends died in "the normal elevator" from the kool-aid man, so, he thought saying "Fuck."
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Too much sex:
OKAY, STOP!
For example,  these are types of sex scenes i've seen on roblox: exploiters (hackers), sitting+standing, and more hackers putting gross images.
it was a little funny but more stupid.
Also lots of swearing as players bend around the chat moderation system.
All my friends and I used to play but after I saw everyone trying to say bad things about the game  I still didn’t stop .
My mom saw difference in me and just today I threatened to kill my older sister.
About a year ago I had no idea what idiot was now because of ROBLOX i know the b***** and f****** .
This game is totally not for kids and anyone else .I recommend that you block the game from your router .
But then  some hacked and took some away.
I  am so addicted to this game and I hate how I have become.
My mother made me read a lot of reviews and now I now that I must stay away from this game .
Although it used to be a GREAT game that I would recommend to nearly anyone, it quickly changed into a site filled with bullying, hacking/exploiting, scamming, and more.
Bots and scams:
Their bot protection takes the word garbage to a new level, as their only bot protection is a single ReCapcha when you create an account.
"Free ROBUX" games, which are scams, manage to reach front page and stay there for days before getting taken down.
Comment sections nowadays have nothing in them except for ROBUX scams.
There are literally millions of scam-bots in ROBLOX.
Community:
Most of the community, is actually horrible.
Many people are gullible and fall for "If you don't copy and paste this, you will die!"
comments and generally flood the comment sections that are not ruined by bots.
Many people start rumours about hackers (Such as the John Doe incident) Many Youtubers break some of the ToS.
Online Dating:
One of the biggest problems in ROBLOX.
Not much to say about it.
Some games are rather violent, sexual, or other.
But, there are some other games which are just straight gory.
Horror Games:
Although most of them aren't against the ToS, some of them are just too gory.
Corrupt Administrators:
Online dating and rulebreaking Youtubers were allowed to live because they promoted ROBLOX before.
Other Youtubers, did nothing yet got banned.
Some of the moderators did nothing about rumours.
"Bloxy Awards" are most likely rigged, as the main winners are people who sponsored ROBLOX before, aside from one or two people who didn't.
Reporting:
The reporting system is basically giving ROBLOX a piece of paper.
ROBLOX takes that piece of paper and throws into a shredder, then burns it.
ROBLOX doesn't actually care about reports.
Exploiters and Hackers:
ROBLOX has this thing called "FE" which breaks many scripts, but prevents common exploiters.
Other than that, ROBLOX has way too many exploiters and hackers.
Updates:
Nearly every update from ROBLOX is lazy nowadays, and does nothing except break scripts and add things despite the communities protest.
Nearly everyone in ROBLOX dislikes Anthro, yet ROBLOX is still adding it.
Summing it all up::
It's bad.
I immediately lost interest at the ads on the side of the main screen (or whatever it's called... where all the games are) When there were all these ads that said "Before Roblox" (a demented looking toddler) "After Roblox" (It showed a taller person who had more cosmetics and looked "cooler."
Of course that meant to be cool you had to buy pixels that meant nothing in the real world, yet costed money.
I went on to one of roblox life simulation things only to find it was filled with racism (baconism) and hatred.
I didn't know why all these people were calling me names like-- P*ece of Sh*t and "Disgusting Bacon hair".
So The people of Roblox are making fun of you because you don't have any money in their made up world.
I am sorry if this informational paragraph has not made any sense to you... Roblox got into my head.
It is appalling.
Delete or block this game platform.
It has mediocre game play and promotes manipulative game-addiction tactics to our most vulnerable.
This is not for children.
DD was in tears that her friend would think she was bullying her, so I texted the mom and both girls got off it asap.
I looked into the app more this morning and see that there are all kinds of inappropriate layers hidden in this game that aren't initially evident to parents.
Sexual content, bad language, *a lot* of bullying, behavior that looks like grooming, and hackers even changing parts of a child's world, similar to my daughter's name change.
(I read a review where one girl's kitten wallpaper was changed by a hacker to depict sex acts.)
And, finally, worlds that are all about killing and violence.
While my daughter has no interest in that type of game, it's far too accessible.
(pretty dumb of me) A lot of the content went over DD's head and she simply had no idea what was there.
It's scary what I found.
It appears that the Admin monitoring on Roblox is now non-existent.
But, There is currently the ''report'' system which doesn't do anything.
Or it has been worse.
Roblox has currently ''Safe chat'' which is not a good thing.
They should un-tag the words.
There is a lot of online daters on Roblox, which Roblox doesn't take care of.
Roblox doesn't have the best Moderation.
They ban or warn people for a ''non valid'' reason.
The customer service is bad.
Really bad.
But Roblox always goes against the Community.
Bad Moderation.
False Advertising.
I think you parents are plain wrong.
I saw my child watching a video by a person named Skeleton Reality or something along the lines of that making fun of parents giving bad reviews.
There is some violence, but not too much.
It’s just a skin colored LEGO man.
No private parts, unless someone is hacking (1 out of 1000th chance) And also, the “My ### hurts.” It’s just ROBLOXS way to censor bad words.
Do NOT let your child play Phantom Forces!!
It has guns and blood.
It’s not the games fault there are pedophiles!
Stop posting idiotic reviews on this GOOD game...
They also removed free currency “Tix or Tickets” just so people could buy Robux.
Sex happens but there’s no private parts which is bad.
ALSO DO NOT PLAY RAISE A BABY.
The hackers aren't even hackers, they're just people who happened to convince your child to give them personal info.. which does not constitute hacking at all.
You should warn your child about these people and tell them to not give any passwords, or anything that they can work with to harm them..
There is no such thing as a real safety monitoring, it does not required parent permission, a kid can just create an account without any email/phone confirmation.
User content can be inappropriate .
I've seen games where chat is just open for anyone to write whatever they want, no signs of a moderator ... and finally most of the content is low value just focused on grabbing kids attention but with no real challenge, learning or anything that makes a good game for kids ... or a good game in general.
My son had found a very inappropriate video made on roblox by my daughter and others.
When I went to the computer and saw the video I was mortified.
My daughter and “friends” were naked men with large penises sexually going after another bent over naked man character.
I had no idea this was possible, and add to the fact that they were dared or as I look at coerced into doing something they knew was wrong and inappropriate.
I know roblox is now banned in my home.
a bad app
My 12 Year old son now paces all the time, masturbates in school as he thinks about Roblox, and tries to act like his favorite "knight guy" and now attacks me with his cardboard sword at 3 in the morning.
Please don't for your sake let your child use this game.
My child is now hated in school only has friends on Roblox and averages a d+ in school.
I try to stop him but he takes his laptop back and attacks me if I try it again.
I once turned the wifi off for a day and he bite my computer and threw it out the window.
He is a constant challenge that harasses our cat while he has great temper tantrums.
Please Please don't let your child get this game it will be the end for your child's normal life
This game is full of microtransactions and has sexual material and child predators and there are people who are gonna ask you wanna be my girlfriend/boyfriend just don't get this game
Why you ask, it is extremely inappropriate, innocent children, like my sister who is under the age of 8, was asked repeatedly to imitate sexual actions, do other nasty things like remove all articles of clothing, and ask friends to do the same.
I was disgusted by this, and there were many other things that make this game horrible.
There are drugs that are also given out by the kids, which I think is horrid that kids are being exposed to this.
Spoiled rats, the bullies of Roblox, brag about robux, and make others feel bad about themselves.
They abuse and harass other players which is unacceptable, their parents should be notified by their actions!!
Some kids swear and curse, and make fun of others who don't.
Younger kids who don't understand any of this, soon start to speak these words in their daily life.
If you agree, tell others to get rid of Roblox, and teach their kids a life lesson!!
Any game that rewards killing police and robbing banks is not for kids, or anyone else for that matter.
All you people that are saying bad stuff about ROBLOX, well, that's because there are hackers.
Also, not all ROBLOX games are bad just because one is.
Yes, we need better anti-exploit scripts.
But no, we don't need to be dissing ROBLOX for something that's not even their fault.
And the swearing, ROBLOX hashtags it, unless you can change the message.
It's not surprising that kids indulge in 'bad behavior' when they can.
As a kid, I certainly cursed whenever parents weren't around.
But in this anonymous environment, it is constant nastiness  daring people to 'hug' + 'kiss' alongside constant  threats to kill.
Kill 10 players by punching them
OK, I understand that may be mild in the world of video games today, I am simply providing context that the 'nasty' tone of the pl.ayers can be echoed in the games themselves
One player in the high school game was calling women 'b-----s' and 'wh---s' and threaening them.
There is a function to report abuse--but that particular players name was unavailable to report--no idea why--other names were listed and available to report.
All in all, I had a very short visit in two games--and found it rather demoralizing.
The wild west internet is NOT a place to nourish young minds and hearts.
This is the worst game I have ever seen.
I know Counter-strike, I know GTA but this is worse.
Ok, your kid shouldn’t be able to get it on his/her computer, so until you buy them this game it shouldn’t be dangerous.
And now to the worse a single hacker can get onto your kid’s tablet a big picture of porn or whatever he likes.
And if he meets a child predator he can get some info from your kid if your kid isn’t careful enough.
I looked to their inventory what they have bought and it was a RADIO into a game called “murder mystery” where is one murderer one detective and innocents and murderer must kill everyone, thats a game for 8 YO KIDS?!
That was a total waste of money.
Don’t do the same mistakes as I did please.
This game is obviously by the devil, it is pure evil.
I have grounded my son for 5 years for mentioning such a name and saying such a vile word.
This game promotes terrorism and is filled with sex predators.
Some say they're just 12-year-olds saying curse words, but I say they are sex predators, because only sex predators would swear like that!
I teach in an Elementary school and my 2nd graders report A LOT of inappropriate chat going on.
You're another worried parent who probabky doesn't trust your kid.
Roblox is run by scam artists.
My son's account was compromised by a hacker and when we tried to get the account back, the administrators made it impossible to verify ownership of the account.
The card was discarded once redeemed as it seemed useless, but obviously not.
I believe they make it purposely difficult to gain access to your account as it will force you to create a new one and spend more money.
With the poor admin assistance, poor in-game moderation of abuse and over all lack of anything remotely child friendly, I would steer clear of this game altogether!
Roblox is a dangereous game, i will tell everything that you need to be aware about roblox, this comes from a roblox veteran.
First,
Roblox is full of Online Daters, you may ask what this means.
Next thing is that the moderating system is horrible, censors things that should not be censored and doesn't take down things that should.
Sadly, it doesn't work.
The game has an bad community, for example: Online Daters, Bullies, and bad people in general.
Next item is pedophiles.
Roblox is pedophiles's favorite game.
Be very cautious, the chances are low, but pedophiles can sometimes meet kids in real life.
The "Safe" chat censors things that shouldn't be censored and can be easily bypassed.
Next is scammers.
Scammers are people that claim they will give you "1 million free robux", which is obviously a scam.
When people get scammed, they can lose their accounts or even worse: get a virus.
If they lose their accounts, they lose everything they had on that account: Robux, BC(I will explain these paid items later), Badges, etc.
Not only that they are overpriced, for example: you just bought 22,500 robux(U$199.99)for your child and then that's where the overpriced items come in, in the next day, you find out your child used all their robux on one, pointless item.
A waste of money.
BC has good advantages, but, again, it's overpriced.
Next is bullies.
Next is bad updates.
For example, forums, the forums used to help alot, but now they removed it.
Next is violent and inappropriate games, Well, you know, people can make their own games, so that means they can remain a long time undiscovered in the thousands of games that roblox has.
Inappropriate games like having sex, etc.
There is MUCH more bad things about roblox.
You can keep up with the bad things that roblox is doing in the youtube channel greenlegocats123.
No, this is not advertising.
This game has resently outlawed in our home.
It’s extremely addicting, cause antisocial behavior,  affects ability to keep time and I believe was very damaging to our 10 yr old son.
His personality changed, he began lying and sneaking time to play.
They absolute worst decision was inviting it into our home and life.
100x worse than Minecraft.
This game is also VERY expensive.
Upgrades are available for real money but the exchange rate is way off.
The chat feature is also concerning.
Many people asking for login info and trying to scam others.
So obsessive!
I am a kid,But I do not recommend this to you parents.When I was new at first which I didnt have a thing called "robux" Which roblox makes you buy like 450 for 4.95,Anyways I went onto these disturbing games like "Adopt and raise a cute kid" "Roblox High School" And just got disturbed and bullied on it of apparently me being a "bacon hair" Which just terribly offended me and while i was young at the time I started crying so I rilly dont recommend to other children,But when I did buy robux I started making f
Just definetly dont get this.
also the only way to find not kid friendly games is to search them i know this because i look at recommendations and front page games only.
ignore them if you get asked out in game say no simple as that.
Really inappropriate, sensors all numbers but not the curse words.
To many online daters, the games are not fun.
Toooooo much lag!
I alwaz get scarred.
The game is child friendly and the only thing wrong is that on the t&c's say online daters will be banned and they never do.
So far, this "company" has made $82.90 worth of unauthorizaed charges on my account.
They won't tell me when the charges happen and so far, they're talking in circles to avoid giving me my money back.
So, I had to pay my bank to stop any future FALSE transactions from them and now I have to cancel my debit card and get a new one all because these people are crooks.
Whatever you do, DO NOT GIVE THESE PEOPLE YOUR CREDIT CARD INFO.
As I grew, I don’t see Roblox as a family friendly game.
Not only you have to pay to actually have fun, most of the things are overpriced.
When it comes to overpriced items that cost over 100,000 robux, that would cost about $10,000 of real money.
Even if you choose not to pay, your child may be stumbling across being bullied and being made fun of for your look.
If someone is being harassed, betrayed, or oppressed online, the Roblox moderation team couldn’t care less.
They do nothing.
Why is it so addictive?
The most thing children get angry about is the fact that Roblox would censor most of the things they say.
People do inappropriate things on Roblox.
It’s not that Roblox is making these games that involve sex and violence.
This game is highly known for online dating, bullying, and inappropriate content.
Mostly that Roblox removes things that everyone loves.
One tiny movement can cause an accident.
There’s also so many scams on Roblox that seem too good to be true.
They lore your child into putting in their passwords and expecting “free robux” but instead getting their accounts hacked.
I've only ever let them play it with the chat setting turned off and have told them never to accept a friend request from someone they don't know.
I'm not even sure how this happened but this is just the last straw for me.
Most of these parties have scantily clad block women dancing to songs with misogynistic themes and inappropriate lyrics (curses are bleeped out but there are still sexually suggestive lyrics).
Avoid this game.
If a user's account is detected to be under the age of 13, ROBLOX automatically filters words such as "idiot", "crap", etc.
shooter games, robbery games, etc.
This game looks like it’s for kids but it’s not!
A 7 year old was playing and told me they had seen people having sex regularly and also oral sex too :(  apparently having sex was one of the challenges in the game.
I'm sorry, but when a kid has to see the most inappropriate image I've ever seen, I'm done.
Seriously, this is not for kids.
13+ account with access to very very adult content in a supposedly innocuous game.
I don't care how fun it is, kids shouldn't be exposed to that.
People can hack the game and have things pop up you can't un-see.
I have been playing ROBLOX for about a year and a half, and I know thats not very long, but i have seen some pretty bad things on the game (sadly).
ROBLOX itself isn't a bad game, but its the community and some of the moderators that don't do their job correctly, some players are found hacking and admin abusing other players, and older kids are doing some pretty messed up things.
Online dating, see it often; many people refer those players as "Oders", we have 8 and younger kids online dating to what might be some perverted old men that is you know, catfishing, but the young ones just don't understand....
I think that spending $200 dollars on fake credit, is retarded, and the prices of buying robux is just absurd.. but here are some good things about roblox- Roblox is a place to make new friends, fun games, dressing up, roleplaying and just having fun like any kid wants to have, at such a young age there is a big world ahead of them, but sometimes its ok to get a break and some fun from school, chores, etc.
Yet in the "Violence" section of the review there is nothing at all listed -"No violence."
I would like to suggest that Common Sense Media reconsider the ratings you have given this game.
As an elementary school teacher I am observer and witness of the frightening violence and potential harm of this game.
It is truly like sending your unaccompanied child into the world.
Please reconsider your ratings.
Far too many teenagers and kids trying to act older than they are.
The website is far too popular now for its own good and for this reason the staff has trouble moderating it.
Many of them revolve around getting as much money as possible, dating and shooting each other.
As a parent I have caught my kid taking part in some very inappropriate activities on the site, and when he tried to avoid them afterwards he was threatened and blackmailed in attempts to get him to continue.
The parental controls have been all but entirely removed now, so any previous claims of safety should be adjusted to match the current state of things in my opinion.
Contacting the mods about this did nothing other than get my child banned.
He dragged her to his house and  blood started spurting everywhere because he was stabbing her.
She has been VERY upset since it happened.
Yes there are kids behaving badly like everywhere, use these as teaching times just don’t set them in front of a computer and be unsupervised.
On several occasions my daughter has tried to log in and she cannot and has been often forced to create a new account.
This means she has lost the stuff she has accrued.
I recently tried to get her access back to her account, she was locked out despite not changing her password, and ROBLOX wanted information that did not exist and despite several emails showing screenshots of subscriptions to her account having been paid via ITUNES they refused to acknowledge that we had verified an account of a 9 nine year?
I consider this site atrocious, it is run by people who do not know what customer service is and seems dodgy to me - VERY disappointed.
Some of the games are great others are very bad the admins of the website aren’t very good.
My child struggled to disconnect/unplug from this game.
Not only were there not stopping points where you could easily save but your levels were lost.
In addition , her behavior after playing was volatile and disrespectful.
It appears to be the only banned game in our peer group.
You use rwal money to buy fake money.
It has all been fine until the items she buys, goes missing- I dis the normal, reported what happen.
This is the problem.
Not what they had that disappered- wether it be from a glitch or a game deletwd within the app by admin.
So if 5 items go missing, you cannot prove your child bought the item.
They want a printscreen of the items purchased, but how can you if theres no purchase history, and its not in their inventory.
They WILL NOT give items back nor refund your money.
You will get circled statements to your questions and no answers.
IT was terrible.
Hello there im going to say is that roblox is not 18+ it is mainly for kids 8 or older and i am going to say is that no i dont think there is ever drugs and drinking and smoking in roblox they dont teach you that they really teach your child how to build or script games that they made and i know there is a bit of games that deal with "sex" and cussing like "Fuck" by bypassing it but i would tell your child to ignores the things they encounter thru out the site and the scammers are being banned one by one yo
I have to cancel my credit card account for apple store to give up money taking by roblox
Some areas on roblox you do not want your kids to be talking to people you don't meet like I have tried experiencing this way before, and kids on roblox do not know what they are doing I had one friend on my friend list who basically couldn't trust me because of her dad talking to me (thinking I was a stranger) when I didn't do anything wrong so far this game site isn't safe anymore as it used to be so if your child runs into something like what i wrote above please check.
age 17+ 
roblox is bad go elsewhere
iv`e played roblox for 2 years and its full of account hackers and game hackers and roblox does nothing to stop all the abuse on the site and a better articall needs to be published about its lack of programming and how unsafe the site is.
Horrible game, the email doesnt even respond to you, I've been waiting 13 days and no reply, anyways, lets talk about stuff right now.
Roblox is a horrible game where children have "roblox" sex and bypass the filter to swear, also the prices which are alot bigger than you would expect.
my review may be for 18 and up but thats because kids dont need to see how bad this game truly is.
i hate the 8 bit graphics it is trash.
when i saw my child playing this game i had an epileptic seizure.
But it's an online game so it includes the following, online bullying, scams, and online sex jokes a few times.
Plus there is too much consumerism.
If you hear parents complain about strangers appearing at houses, or asking for personal information.
People also talk about games their child has been playing that's inappropriate.
It is not roblox's fault, they go through thousands of games a day, and keep in mind those games don't really appear on the front page and must be searched for.
Yes there is some gross stuff there, its fine!
i got bored, like in real life i did, and skipped school!
then my roblox parents were arrested for neglect and i got adopted.
This game is so accurate, all the games about reel life(ex: highschool, adopt some kid) are boring, just like real life!
Tell your little ones to get away from this site this site has 200 bots trying to scam users everyday.
Also if you think that there's other games on the site that are kid friendly do not sign your child into this ambitious site.
I'm just letting every parent know that there's a lot of "online daters" or what they really are catfishes.
The community is VERY toxic, and is filled with perverts / child predators.
The administrators do nothing about bulling,  exploiting,  and other things.
The community in this game are pretty trash.
It's a giant mixture of perverts, innocent kids, trash talkers (bullies), exploiters (hackers) and quite a large range of staff.
If you report a player, nothing happens.
Oh, not to mention the amount of Online Daters!
Mentally Sane players are constantly swarmed by a mob of people hoping to date someone they don't know personally.
The amount of money you have to pay for things such as ROBLOX's online currency "ROBUX" and their subscription called "Builders Club" are ridiculously priced.
If you cancel builders club, for a week or so you will be bombarded with pop-ups stating "RENEW YOUR BUILDERS CLUB TODAY" It's pretty annoying.
Games that include animations usually include inappropriate animations such as twerking, and don't get me started on the push ups.
i looked at game
i played this game
i see too much violence
and sex much
too much swearing
but websites look great
game look great but another games that are bad for kids are bad
This website started out with high hopes, but peaked somewhere around 2016.
It has been downhill ever since and even with it's diverse platform to teaching kids how to program and getting them into 3D modeling, it is making it harder to justify spending time on it.
They slowly keep taking away key features that allow new game developers to get their awesome ideas seen by other players and it's turning the site into less of a fun creative outlet and more of just a selection of popular 3D games to select from and play.
So this ends up de-inspiring players to be creative and sends them into the actual games to play, which can be fine, but there is an alarmingly high amount of toxic people on roblox.
They just aren't nice to eachother.
The censor system has done a great job at stopping curse words, but that doesn't stop cruelty.
Just simply being around that many toxic players made it easier to come up with comebacks and the like.
With the removal of game genres, it's basically killed the little guys chance.
I don't recommend just letting them play to play.
Sometimes it can be as toxic as Call Of Duty.
Roblox has oders aka online daters they do that and also roleplaying Roblox has hackers but it's kinda hard to hack a game  the hacks do nothing to your computer it lets you LOG OFF if it is being hacked they most likey will close the server people accutaly thing Roblox is full of hackers hackers  get banned  and  click me for free robux DO NOT TRY TO DO A FREE ROBUX GAME DONT PLAY ONE
Alright, listen up parents... do not allow your daughters or sons too play roblox without parent sense... My daughter a 13 year old, got her first robux card sense, it was her birthday.
Decided hey how about i give her one...

Now, the money of the card she spent on was a little, disturbing.
And, kinda racist... Now, she says she wanted to be exactly like her black friend kay... And, she even now says the "N" word... i tell, her too be very very careful cause if you say that in real life someone will beat you up.
Obviously you don't know fashion or words mom".
And, you dissapoint me?
Kids, saying the n word?
Be very careful when your children are on this site.
The second most concerning thing is the bullying of kids if you don't enable in-app purchases of virtual goods.
Other kids tease them by calling them n00bs, which upsets the younger than 9 set.
The most concerning part is the sheer number of predators (called ODers or Online Daters) in every game.
They went up to my child and said some inappropriate things.
It's tough for small kids who don't know how to report these individuals.
This site is incredibly shady beyond belief.
Finally, there are multiple scams inside of games (which thankfully the system catches and shuts down quickly).
These scams look like popular games or are shell games that invite kids to go offsite and enter a lot of private information in order to win Robux (Roblox's in-game currency).
These are not the people I want or expect to be building a safe game play experience for my children or concerned about building a safe community.
They seem to be obsessed with building a social experience, being the next Facebook and meeting promises to their tech investors rather than putting the needs of children and their parents first.
And above all, please tell your kids not to exchange any information with strangers since Roblox will not put their safety above their "engagement" numbers.
Roblox is a bad game.
It can get kids addicted easy, and resulting in weight gain or lose, and your child may not have any friends when they socialize, because they are thinking the real world and the game are the same thing.
After, he attacked me when i kicked him off.
Also, roblox just want's money.
They don't care about the kid's!
In Roblox if your charater is killed they fall to pieces, you can be hacked, privacy can be invaded and kids can swear.
In one world you are trying to capture and kill the other players with handcuffs and guns, you may want to be mindful.
Now, the game is the place for porn posters, cussers, and cheaters.
People cheat by finding loopholes past the chat filter by t y p i n g  l i k e  t h i s. If you insist on having your child play this game, then give then "the talk" and tell them what to do if they see porn or cussing.
Animal Jam and Minecraft are better than this.
I say 18+ because the fact that it has loads of online daters and even models that are banned.
I don't say it has great messages because of the fact that roblox filter is garbage.
They will add this update called "Anthro" for oders, and this will ruin entire roblox.
Great game for kids and teens but can be a problem as the moderators don’t handle online dating that well and also the abuse of u are not rich in the game.
We no longer allow her to play this game.
There is no way to monitor, restrict or prevent them from seeing or reading inappropriate words or actions or images.
No the hashtags to cover up the bad words or intentions do NOT cut it.
These trashy individuals use abbreviations and write words in a way that gets the intent and purpose through.
Hateful and twisted sums it up in a lot of these conversations that I have seen.
While there are a few games that probably are safer and attract only young kids, it leads them on to play more games that are much much worse.
This a safe haven for bad people, and not kids, to go and try to interact with your kids.
I have witnessed it first hand by playing with my kids and can tell you there are sex acts, and sexual conversations, bullying, requests for sexual favors, name calling and a real melting pot of dysfunctional people.
I can’t blame them.
It’s the world we live in.
Most of the time, I don’t think they understood what some of these people were saying.
But Mf this and let me #### you now, from this way or that.
Or conversations about killing people.
They are NOT!
And the sick part is I’m paying for this garbage because it’s a highly addictive online gameroom of all these different games.
They do not know when someone is praying on them.
They are young, social, and inexperienced at certain ages.
Not a child friendly game it will take all dignity from your children.
I don't like this game.
My 15 year old son is playing this game and people are saying bad words!
When people have hashtags its censored so when somebody says ### it's a no no!
it also has anti- christian values in it!
There are shooty games and games that are not good for my son to be playing and imitating at his young age!he could shoot someone in the real life and kill them just like in the game!!
I do not recommend this game for the kidos!!
If you're not a Pro American, you'll have a hard time expressing yourself as freely as they promote on their adverts.
You can have accounts deleted you may have owned for many years, for uploading something THEY see as wrong.
When you message them about things such as bans etc, they NEVER give you a response, just something off of a script.
Bad staff, bad admins, bad monitoring.
DEFINITELY not a game for young children.
my kid was sexing someone on game it was bad.
then i caught them doing drugs and smoking the marajuana.
don't let ur kids play, it's just a scam they take ur money and run cus they succ.
WHY WOULD THE COMPANY ALLOW THIS CRAZY STUFF?
I HOPE IT GETS CLOSED DOWN.
I thought that all of ROBLOX was like this, but that is not the case.
I started playing a game called 'Natural Disaster Survival' but soon I found out that is was very, very inappropriate (you die a lot, and it pushes you with giant billboards to buy power ups to 'help' you win, but I bet it doesn't help).
To make matters worse, it is my niece's favorite ROBLOX game and  is only six!
Even worse, people have pretended to do sex in role-playing games!
Even though there is a chat filter, people have gotten around it by, as for the F bomb, changing the U to a V, or like t h i s. Disgusting.
I will never ever play agian, and I am coping and pasting this into an email to my sister.
One game in particular that could cause some restless nights is Stop it, Slender!
Personally, just looking at the trailer scared the bejesus outta me.
Everything went downhill from there.
One gamer's channel led to another and eventually he discovered channels that aren't appropriate for kids.
Unfortunately, these knives are acquired by buying Robux.
To make matters worse, the knives are obtained via a slot machine process where they pay and then the program spins through the knives and then stops at the one the system tells them they will get.
Naturally, if they don't get the one they want, kids will run to their parents and ask for more money.
This causes a few obvious problems: 1.
Your kids will be subject to bullying by those who have more knives, etc.
If you want to restrict first person shooter games, you may be surprised to find some games have you shooting other players, robbing banks, fleeing from police, etc.
Your kid will be IMing with a variety of people you can't verify.
Pediphiles can be sneaky and may trick your kid into providing enough information for the pedophile to determine your location.
All in all, it's all a recipe for disaster.
Though the game can be fun, the above concerns are enough to warrant blocking the game.
This game inculded TOO MANY SEX
Parents, block this site as it contains hackers who have such things as LEVEL 7 executors and can put porn on screens.
I have been playing ROBLOX for 2 years and have been hacked 4 times.
I payed 500$ thinking it was safe and then I get hacked.
I report it to the ROBLOX admins and they don't  give a s### on what you say, they are here just for the money.
This game is terribly and crappy.
I believe no one should play it as they also include online dating games.
70% of players manage to bypass the chat filter and end up swearing in the chat.
Kids are abused and no s### is given by the ROBLOX admins.
I believe you should block this site and tell everyone about this.
Whenever someone chats something that the filtering system finds inappropriate, it will turn the message into #'s kind of like using asterisks to block out swear words.
Those games are the most popular among young kids and are in my opinion the games you shouldn't let your children play due to kids "ODing" (online dating) which is against Roblox's Terms of Service.
Roblox is a very misunderstood game that is trying to do its best to protect its young users with a lot of safety mechanics.
I could write paragraphs more about this game and how it isn't as bad as what the media claims it is.
I figured he would stop playing if he didn't enjoy it, but he didn't stop.
I saw once on this game, When it was still new a bunch of people making inappropriate places of nudity and Also there's alot of curses and swearing including the forums.
It's an ADULT GAME!The ROBLOX Team allowed ODers to get in their game and do sexual activites!There are a lot of inappropriate games that has ODers and Child Predators in it,such as "MeepCity" "Adopt and raise a baby" , "Boys and Girls Dance Club" and much more.Buying Robux (in-game currency) is optional,but the amount of ODers and Pedophiles in ROBLOX is raising,so your kid may stole your credit/debit card then buy robux to make him/her looks "cool".Also,the report system is not working,so stop letting you
P/S:ROBLOX is a playground for online daters,child predators and human  traffickers.My son reported a child predator and he got banned for 7 days.I don't know why.The two biggest child predator/ODer in ROBLOX are "Euphoros" and "DJMykal".
Too many bad words and drug use.
It has blood and gore.
Do not let your kids play this.
Bought my 8 yo a robux gift card $25 and when he went to activate it didnt' work and ended up unintentionally purchasing a whole lot of roblox monthly builders club.
This is a money spinning machine for the creators they couldn't give a toss about protecting the kids using it.
Roblox was much less support especially given it had to do with the gift card to start with.
Other reviews indicate all sorts of problems with these gift cards.
I'm writing this to hope that many parents don't let their kids play this terrible game.
Let's list all the negative things with this game: Online Daters, a big part of the Roblox community,  especially on the game MeepCity online date, online dating is really bad for many reasons.
And many pedophiles pretend to be ODers (Online Daters) for get kids personal info and kidnap them.
And let's mention that Roblox seems to be protecting ODers and banning people that try to stop them, this is because of a reason, most of ODers buy robux to make their avatar look "hot" or "cool" and Roblox wouldn't like to ban them because they would lose alot of money.
Most of the ODers spend 10 dollars for their avatar, if Roblox gets money they don't care about the kids dating and getting kidnapped by pedophiles, next.
The community, it has been very obvious that the roblox community is really bad, if you would kill a person in a game expect alot to be called a noob or get bullied.
Many peoples judge you by your look, if your avatar hasn't been customized peoples will call you noob just by your look, which makes them bullies, next.
There will be always people that breaks the rules, let's see how Roblox handles this.
First off, the report feature doesen't work, if someone sees someone that is breaking the rules players report them.
Sigh- if everything worked... Roblox doesen't read reports, I made an account especially to break rules, I think I got 100+ reports on it but not even a ban or warning.
Let's now talk abou the chat filter, first off it censores words that are not even bad words,yes random words.
And many swear words get bypassed easly, I will not list them because I don't want random people to use them, and then the bypassed decals, many peoples made many inappropriate shirts and they got approved.
To end this, Roblox is a terrible game with a terrible community, many online daters and terrible moderation and chat filter.
Just don't bring kids to this game please.
I see a lot of it on ROBLOX , I decided to watch my kids play and it's out of control not good for kids that is 10 - 13.....
Sexual content is rare now they do actually ban inappropriate games daily fast, although for a while they went out of control and banned random games that weren't inappropriate and made a lot of people mad.
At one point there was a fairly serious issue with it but now it's not common.
Admins rarely ban people for cursing ingame though usually only if they curse on the forum or group wall.
In the past couple years they have gotten much worse on trying to take people's money.
Now you don't even get any virtual money without paying for it.
Overall it's a decent game and can be played without spending real money, but they are getting more and more greedy every year.
Just be sure to educate your child on things like this so they won't do anything stupid.
Do be warned this is very hardcore and many become heated or angry over it, but this is avoidable so i can still recommend if people are careful with there games.
There is so much bullying that happens on this game.
Even after disabling the chat my daughter still ends up in tears after playing.
Would not recommend.
First of all, ROBLOX does block swear words, but people find out ways to get around the censoring.
For example, a couple weeks ago, my friend Tyler found a way to say the F word in it, like "F isis" (Which I think is true, isis is bad.)
ROBLOX blocks swear words every day, but here's the real shocker; people have started making businesses to make more swear words on ROBLOX, along with scamming.
That's right, it's not one person working alone to make those scam bots.
People make "Free ROBUX" scams on ROBLOX with message bots, and bots that give you friend requests.
I have seen this many times, but ROBLOX blocks these games whenever it gets reported too many times.
I've seen a game called "Club sanity" that is just sick and disgusting.
Try to avoid those games, if possible.
If you ever see your child on a game that has them completely naked, pull them off of the computer ASAP.
These games are inappropriate, and if you can, ask your child to report the game, and tell them to stop playing it.
Why does my computer have a virus?"
It's not because of ROBLOX, it's because you or your child downloaded an extension or file that can't run ROBLOX correctly, and it's been trying to fix itself by scanning other files, and it's been trying to terminate the file that has been
keeping it from loading its own system preferences in.
Don't worry, the virus will only exist for a few weeks, and don't delete it, because if you delete it, ROBLOX has to start the whole process again.
If it shows up as a .WAV file, don't delete it, it's an audio file specially designed to terminate unknown launch files.
if it's any other type of file, DELETE IT, it is a virus.
This brings me to another problem most users have.
If your child has been friend-requesting random people and you see one asking your child's age, tell him/her to stop talking to the user, and report him/her if possible.
When I was younger, I had a problem with another user, named An0NyM00S3,
(I didn't understand what that meant, because I thought M00S3 meant Moose) and later that week, somebody showed up at my door, and I had to call the police.
Here's another problem, and probably my last problem of this list, consumerism.
ROBLOX is a good game, but it can be dangerous for kids of young age.
But many of the user generated games have less than desireable content.
He played games with murder, prison, cop killing, etc.
Worse yet he discovered there was no block on using the account I set up to buy more Robux.
$1,000 later it was a big mess.
He was in trouble for knowingly buying more Robux and lying about it (if briefly when confronted),  The platform taught him more bad things than good.
But the off color content, hacking, and deceitfulness engendered by Roblox has got it banned from our house - and that's not easy to do.
My 12yr old son has come across other players making 'inappropriate' comments and saw a user with a 'bad word' in their user name.
If your child is playing the game, there seems to be no filtering - they may be exposed to inappropriate comments.
Hello people I myself have reviewed Roblox and it's a horrible game I joined a game known by the name of "Adopt and raise a cute kid" and somebody said to me want to have "six" which already shows the chat filter is broken I seen people pretend dating and other players calling each other Mom/Mum and Dad turns out their old slogan used to be Roblox its free but everything costs money and mostly everyone swears.
I think it's not for children this is only my opinion.
On the surface it seems like a lot of fun, educational even but dig deeper and you will find that this game isn't much fun unless you are spending money.
Also, its a very violent game.
frist of all roblox community is bad VERY BAD there you can find spamers hakers and other... seocond if want play is game you need DONATE DONATE AND DONATE!
and spawnkillers i hate this only because thhe community but is game builded by the community soo if the community is bad  the bad too need more places yes is what makes the community if the community will be good ohh i the places you can make every thing and now your kid can join one wrost place.... soo you know creaiveof the wrost places makers isnt will stop  and there some hacks can make something you can see in youtube  aslo if the community will be good the game will be good soo the community will be 
Regardless of whether or not the game is good, there are a lot of articles out there stating that children have been exposed to inappropriate comments in the chat areas of this game.
I could not find hard evidence or reporting that substantiated these claims but I generally avoid games that allow my children to free chat anyway so the multiple anecdotal stories are enough to turn me away.
I think that the building is a great way for kids to use there imagination, but on the other hand people say really disturbing terms in the chat, I understand that its life and that I have preteens and I should let them do what they think is right at this age but I really think that what people are saying is not good, well for any age!
They already learned about the birds and the bees at school, but I will NOT let a silly game tell them about it because the information is inaccurate and rude.
Actually, regardless of age it censors out anything.
Any game that included those can and will be taken down by moderators.
Some games have violence, but the deaths are just blocks falling apart.
The only bad thing i'd consider is the consumerism; ROBUX.
And they make this game seem like it's an X rated site that is horrible.
Which is not true.
Which is not fully swearing because of the bad word blockers.
Also there is not much sexual content.
Bullying doesn't seem to be an issue.
This is the only part I disagree with on Roblox.
But they price them so high but don't give you a lot.
When I was playing it I got my account deleted for no reason at all!
I didn't even violate there rules and now my account will be forever gone.
I really hate roblox
Did any of you actually play the games with your children.
The Violence in many of the games is really not appropriate.
The Social connections are linking kids to "Strangers- Pedophiles"  who are grooming them and talking very inappropriately to them.
Not a great message for a 7 year old,  I do not recommend this site.
i would tell you, to not to play the Titanic.
there are scary figures and too muck swearing.
please do not play that game!
TOO SEXUAL FOR YOUNGER CHILDREN!!
It is not appropriate for either.
It is like a school shooting waiting to happen.
It is worse than the news on a bad day.
It is horrifying that this is marketed to kids!
Some of the negative aspects are that many of the games involve killing one another with very real sounding guns, it does promote consumerism and since other player can create and share games, inappropriate games will sometimes appear.
Another game had players with very large penises.
My son reported it and that game was gone the next day.
I immediately reported it and ROBLOX removed it an hour later!
Also, reading some other reviews, It's come to my notice that some parents are angry that robux can only be bought.
Overall, you shouldn't be scared for your children of exposure to s3x and violence because there are bad people EVERYWHERE, and if your child knows how to be safe then you should be just fine.
Children usually know about s3x and violence by the age of third grade.
Dont give that website your password because with one  click of a button you could lose all your work on roblox.
I try to sign in the next day it says that the password is incorrect even though I choose the option to use the password for a certain profile and I have it copy and pasted on a notepad.
This game will take everything away in game with one simple click of a button.
There is no "KYC" (Know your customer" procedure done by the Roblox corporation to make sure people are who they say they are.
Games are full of violence of course, swering and really CONSUMERISM.
It's very strange that no government is dong anything to ban this game.
Do not let your children play on it.
Now I have to worry about messages coming through the radio too!
I see that this has been reported since at least March and it has not been addressed.
This game is very disappointing.
UPDATED  I am done with this game.
Recently I overheard music playing in the background of my child's game that was sexually explicit.
We are done with Roblox.
If your child is under 16 DO NOT ALLOW HIM/HER to participate in this game.
However this is NOT the Roblox i grew to know and love.
3 days ago my 7 year old son said while crying that somebody kept following and bullying him.
And 2 days ago both of my kids wouldn't come off the computer when it was bedtime.
They started cussing and using words like "Sh*t" or "F*ck".
I seriously dont know what happened to Roblox.
It became a worse game with spoiled brats and bullies.
I banned it from the household yesterday.
~ Roblox is NOT a sexual game.
It is simply just bad players of the community posting online.
Filtering Disabled games usually have exploiters swimming in it.
Overall:
Roblox is a GREAT game, but there are some really crappy games.
So let your kids play, just if you see porn, it's not my fault.
Tho it does have crude and violent content , such as the game
(Prison Life 2.0v) There are guns like AK-47 and Remington's.
However before you think I am a careless parent.
Look who am I to tell you what's good for your kids.
But I think you should read what the game is about before downloading the freaking game.
So , you really might be the reckless and careless parent!
Also I saw a review from another "parent" that said his friends avatar was used as an ad.
TAGS
Ok , first off players can absolutely NOT get addresses or emails.
Also along with curses or sex.
Some games will have blood, and some games in the horror genre will contain jumpscares and disturbing images.
I would not recommend to buy this game or its components or images They appear to be sort-lived and our personal impression is that game is managed fro offshore with high probability of at best questionable intents of its founders.
From the day that my son said that his account will be hacked.
There are some games for kid like 6+, but online dating and interaction or intercourse is common because I watched roblox and they bad descions.
The report system doesn't work so that makes it just a tad unsafe.
Honestly there is some trash on this game, but overall I believe it to be kid friendly.
Accounts of adware and predation only come from isolated cases were users shared information that was not ok to share such as contact details or mailing addresses, and as for inopropriate games, educate your kids!
Don't let the trash on the internet ruin you for a good game!
Also I saw some comments and reviews earlier saying that roblox wasn't free and used inopropriate sites in their advertising, honestly before though make accusations you should make sure that adware came from roblox and not from other places.
Once again don't let a couple of bad apples ruin the barrel, just distance yourself from them.
Also games that parents would have a problem with aren't the most popular and usually have to be sought out.
ROBLOX Is a online game, which means there will always be bad people.
It depends on what games you play to avoid these bad people, don't play games that is family related, because those are the games most people come to and troll there and do bad things to children.
The parental controls may be a joke, but if you tell your kids to avoid these games they most likely will.
The games are totally offensive!
I walked in on my child playing a game where you murder people to win, also once the game he was playing a game where you work at a pizza shop and it got hacked and bad words such as "f*ck" was written all over the screen.
This isn't what got my child to stop playing the game.
The reason is because a pedophile asked my child's address and pretended to be his brother.
This site is just absolutley disgusting.
Do not play.
It is very inappropriate because it has lots of inappropriate messages in the game
There are some weird and unsavory game scenarios that players create -- this is true.
One player created a game where she was pretending to stab her child.
*************************************************************************There is a real concern for spamming.
*************************************************************************When a parent of a 6-year old complains about a game I would first ask the parent why they are allowing the child to play the game in the first place.
There is nothing about Roblox that screams - 'this is an educational game'.
*************************************************************************
I believe there is some real concern about other programs Roblox is putting on computers without the children being aware of.
We have had problems with pop-ups (multiple windows popping up at the same time) recently and my daughter only plays two games on her computer - Roblox and Animal Jam

*************************************************************************
Roblox does encourage creativity.
If your child isn't old enough to understand these topics then he or she is not old enough to be on the Internet.
It is not the game creators responsibility to keep your children safe -- it's yours!
*************************************************************************
If you react negatively and get mad or overreact, your kids will stop sharing with you.
If you take away their game because of something you see in it then they will stop sharing things they see because they don't want you to take away any more games.
If your child is not old enough to understand this conversation then he or she is not old enough to be playing games that allow social interaction on the internet.
This is akin to allowing your child to drive a car without prior instruction on how to drive a car or owning a gun without teaching your child about gun safety.
A six-year-old child should not have access to the internet without constant supervision -- in my opinion.
*************************************************************************
The same thing is true if you overreact or forbid your child to be around a certain child (from school or elsewhere) because that child said or did something that you feel is inappropriate.
If you take the friend away, just as if you take the game away, your child will stop opening up to you for fear of you taking more friends away.
If your child isn't old enough to understand these topics then he or she is not old enough to be on the Internet.
It is not the game creators responsibility to keep your children safe -- it's yours!
Some of the players have possibly posted foul language, but it's filtered out and censored.
I've not seen anything inappropriate, other than bullying or name calling, and I address those instances when it's happened.
ROBLOX is a good game, but I wouldn't suggest getting your kid attached to it or even getting on it if they are younger than 14 years old.
There are too many eight year olds that ruin the site for the other people there.
I am sorry, but they are just making it uncomfortable.
Also, the ODers are unavoidable and ROBLOX really can't do anything about them, but they are there and people need to be aware and should not be sucked into being one.
We have spent plenty of money to wear them overlapping and ROBLOX  doesn't seem to recognize how we basically wasted money on hair that we can't wear anymore, because of their update.
Roblox is a game with games but why do you or (if you may or may not like it) other people hate it i know that there is some money spending but do you give your kids your banking info no.
also on the down side there should be thing to ban computer hackers form hacking into your computer.
The thing is, it's not roblox's fault that your kids play the games that are on there.
If your kid is seeing pornographic content, it's because they clicked the game.
If there's a game called 'sex life' and your kid clicks it, don't accuse roblox because of what your kid's into.
People say that your kid is talking to a pedophile?
Likely it's because they clicked on a dating roleplay game, one of the many kinds of cancer that we don't want on the site yet roblox reels in the money toward.
Things like 'meep city' 'roblox high school' and anything that involves roleplaying and houses will definitely provoke online dating behaviors from 12-13 year olds who think it's funny.
Don't take it seriously because chances are if they say "hey baby I think you're hot" they are talking about your child's VIRTUAL CHARACTER.
If you play a game that says "adopt a baby!"
I've been playing 4 Years on ROBLOX and it's kinda not recommended for kids.
Most Games don't bypass hacks or swearing and this is where it starts.
There are paid hacks, which hack some servers of the games and they can put penises, rape, etc... .
The swearing moderation is the worst.
There is a paid currency called robux, which with them, you just get greedy and insult other players as "noob".
Violence is minimum.
**NOT RECOMMEND TO KIDS UNDER 12.
Everyone here is saying is ROBLOX in  inappropriate and things like that.
The only thing that is bad is that sometimes rarely there is an person on the chat that  swears .
( sorry for my bad inglish I am Russian)
It has mostly kids stuff but some mature content.fantasy violence, online dating sometimes,but if you swear in the chat it turns into hashtags like if you type the f word in it looks like this ####.
But sadly in the last few years it has turn down hill.
But less like it then I used to.
A lot of people seem date roleplay or swear.
Name calling seems to be everyware.
But They seem to let rude stuff go pass and stuff that ok not pass.
This site has very bad mods and I seen admins be rude to players.
And Roblox you need spend a lot of cash just not to be bullyed on there.
Their are meny games that have no one playing on.
They have access to a variety of games, videos and other media platforms that also are poorly monitored and moderated.
Users are frequently using inappropriate language and content on this site and it should NOT be rated for kids as young as 10.
First off if theres any innoproprite things you must have searched that up in games its hidden so many people dont find it unless they type it up online daters its in all kids game animal jam,msp,roblox many more games you cant stop people and as far as bullying its a friken website theres going to be bullying.
money lots of stuff is robux but if you play animal jam or msp its more worse.
and if you say theres cussing you cant you get safechatted yes there are hacks but thats the internet if you dont like it you shouldent have internet theres going to be bullys and hacks and bad games  thats the internet.
Except for the fact that there is A LOT of cussing, sexual behavior, violence,  and hacking in this game.
Not only that but I had this game on my 2 computers, and both of them got viruses from it.
I do not recommend this game for anyone under 15 unless they have good discernment.
And about the Viruses, I haven't seen anyone else complain about that so I don't know.
5) Moderation by Roblox is iffy at best - do your own moderation.
I also use Qustodio to automatically block the app if I find they aren't following the rules and also to limit their pay to certain times and days of the week.
If you find this game isn't suitable for you child, only you can make that call.
This is a HORRIBLE forum for children.
There are violent games, little to no moderation, and ineffective parent controls.
My youngest played for only 2 weeks before getting stalked by a child predator.
I am unable to retrieve chat logs and can only report account abuse on the specific privacy violations they've written.
The chat "limitations" for children are extremely easy to bypass.
What a terrible lesson to learn the hard way.
This review is for all the negative posts,First of all, most of the negative posts are from
In my personal experience of playing roblox for about 6 or so years, I definitely do not recommend this game to anyone.
This game Is a huge cash mule.
The game or its creators don't care about how much money, what you do , how dedicated you are, they will ban you and be proud of it , over the smallest thing.
They are a bunch of Democrats.
They do not give refunds and if you charge back they will deleted your account (personal experience) the game itself is fun , besides all of the un-protected non safe players constantly swearing (avoids swear detection system by typing something like f*ck) or trying to date or gather personal information.
My main complaint is that this game is a cash mule and all they care about is your money.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH IT, AND PLEASE SPREAD .
they deserve nothing more than to rot in a ditch.
For those who say that there were porn pics and other things like swearing, it was because in 2012 there was a massive cyberattack on ROBLOX, in which many of its security problems were disabled.
The only thing they could fix/greatly inprove is on games that you can trade theirs is a LOT of scammers I have been scammed before and they are  frequently encountered in game
This game can be abused, as it is an 8 to 18 aimed website, but if you ever find anything with sexuality, or anything of that sort, you have to remember, this is the internet, anyone can say or do anything.
As a teen who used to play this game and now has a sister who does, i'm absolutely disgusted.
Users create their own games and levels, which, on one hand is a good thing, but on the other, fifty percent of user - created games include pretty much every kind of thing you don't want your child viewing on purpose or not.
Though the community does consist of many kids, and honestly some can be really harsh (even to developers).
They are usually also filterenabled meaning that player's can't hack to do anything inappropriate, and what you see is only in the game.
I am so angry at the filters not working at this game.
It's ridiculous !
Advise to any parent not to let their children play this game
There are no parental controls in this game.
The chats within the games are live and not documented so there is no way for parents to monitor those conversations.
..It's a shame because the game itself has so much potential to be a great learning tool that is fun and creative.
I can't allow my kids to play because there is now way that I can keep up with the chat and things that come up such as online dating and sex in the games.
My 12 year old played this game at a friends house and saw sexual content.
I would recommend that you do not let your child play this game.
I am very frustrated that it appears to be child appropriate, but it's not!
I would not recommend any 9 or younger aged playing this game without supervision.
For violent games, it's not much than cartoon figure robot or animals killing each other.
I would recommend any 12 or younger to have chat not available to them.
Anyone who dares to have sex on this game would be banned immediately.
I wouldn't allow any 13 or younger to chat because of swearing.
It is just mainly like smoking a cartoon cigarette that doesn't even look like a cigarette drinking just sounds like the way a normal person drinks most of the time and drugs aren't really a big deal either although it may not be suitable for younger generation.
There are hackers and people who ask for personal information so I would watch any 12 or younger who has chat available to them.
From d--m to f--k, there is also plenty of sexual things said in the chat.
This should be for teens and up, younger people might start to feel uncomfortable.
This entire game revolves around USER CREATED MATERIAL.
PROS: Easy to play

CONS: Terrible  moderation
alot of exploiters and hackers 
It is a pay to be cool game
To make your appearence change you will need to spend money to buy currency to buy items
Alot of bullying if you do not have in game money
Anyone who has heard those stories should not take it lightly with your young kids playing this game!
I was completely upset and made her delete it from her tablet.
Horrible structure to the game.
Having been a veteran of this game for up to 6 years, the moderation services used for keeping the community safe and appropriate for all ages has severely declined and are not as efficient as they used to be.
Reports will often go unanswered, enabling users who curse and act inappropriately to continue said behavior.
Additionally, the act of false reporting en masse has been known to result in innocent users being moderated or even having their accounts terminated for no reason.
While it theoretically makes it easier for them to handle reports, this filter can be "broken" by repeatedly sending the same report over and over until a user has been wrongfully moderated.
This fault continues to be abused on a daily basis.
Additionally, any amount of cursing or inappropriate content will not be detected by filters simply by creating spaces in sentences or using special characters such as "&" or "#" to disguise it.
Side note: a considerable bulk of games are also oriented around violence and shooting.
Users who play these games tend to be more hostile/aggressive, leading to swearing and mean spirited behavior - which potentially exposes younger aged children to words that any parent would not want their child to ever use.
-On roblox there are 'somewhat' violent games but in no way enough to damage a childs future.
Yes , some of the prices are outrageous , but when you have to host a website and a game with million and millions of users online at the same time, you need money to hold them open.
Its weird and ugly looking, broken in every way, graphics, gameplay, and more!
Not worth anything!
It didn't work so she reordered it only to find out that it was ordered twice.
We contacted Xbox who couldn't help and referred us to Roblox who basically threatened to close my child's account.
Since they couldn't locate the correct account, and said that their policy says they are not able to refund us, they went ahead and removed all the robux from my sons Roblox account.
In other words, they stole the money we paid them since they removed all the robux without issuing a refund to my account!
Bottom line is that if they  cannot refund me, then they have no legal right to remove what is rightfully ours.
This is ridiculous!
There are advertisements everywhere and like others have mentioned there is a lot of inappropriate activity due to terrible moderation throughout the game.
I would like to sue the company for stealing my money.
It's an economy system for Roblox It's not free.
If someone is being unhappy toward you.
The problem is that Roblox is sometimes expensive and sexual content can be there and Online Dating is part of the strict rules.
This game has extreme privacy concerns.
Games can be pretty violent (they can be made by anyone), and there is Online Daters (Oders, if you will.)
That doesn't mean  the game is bad.
But after a few updates to the site I noticed that ROBLOX is barely free to play anymore.
They took away the free currency, so now you have to PAY to get money ('Robux') just to customize your character.
People sometimes curse in profane ways (Chat can be turned off, but the comments of games can't.)
People discriminate a lot, if you just joined you are a 'noob'.
If your character doesn't have and cool shirts or hats, people will ignore you on team games.
Just limit them to what they do on the site,  and don't let them respond back, as there is some cyber bullying on the site.
Now I don't know what other parents are thinking, saying, and I quote "Roblox is not for kids".
Now let's be honest, they're are a few violent games, but your character always dies with the same screen: A flash of red and then he explodes into BLOCKS, THAT'S RIGHT, BLOCKS.
I guess if you find a game you don't want them playing just tell them, the only other problem is the consumerism, but let's be honest, they can just get a Roblox or iTunes or whatever store gift card and buy some robux with THEIR OWN money, again, it's not a big deal.
DON'T LISTEN TO PARENTS SAYING IT'S "Horrible" and "Not for kids'.
When I read some of the reviews, it seemed to be split down either "very fun" or "not safe for kids" and you know what?
Say what you want about roblox, the community is by far the worst part.
Full of swearing little kids and online daters.
If you're easily butthurt, or a parent with a still innocent little kid, I wouldn't recommend letting them play
This game has severe privacy concerns.
Violence- * * * Some games have blood, but no gore.
Sex- * * ODing is common, but you can report them and they will get banned.
Language- * You could say "damn" but stronger words like "ass" and "shit" are not allowed.
=======================================================
IMPORTANT *READ*: THERE ARE A LOT  OF SOCCER MOMS AND DUMB 10 YEAR OLDS, DON'T AGREE, I THINK ROBLOX IS EVEN BETTER THAN MINECRAFT OR EVEN CLUB PENGUIN.
Don't let them buy 'Robux' and teach them about internet safety.
This masterpiece is literally ruined by the awful community.
I would give it 5 stars but the game is just ruined.
The game is so boring now.
I've played this game for 5 years and it's so hard to say goodbye.
The game has turned into crap, also lots porn is in it.
It's ruined.
It was good up to 2012 but now it's all about having the best hats and best games it's just bad!
My daughter was completely scammed and lied to at the "friendly" community.
We have purchased her the membership and money add-ons and due to a roblox security fail someone got into her account and deleted everything.
We are extremely disappointed as I have spent a lot of money on this game.
There is also wayyyy too much violence and innapropriate content on the game.
I wouldn't recommend letting your child on this site.
Just, no.
This game's violent, as well as online dating, crudeness, etc.
AND; Keep in mind, this game may destroy your pc/laptop.
This game CANNOT be introduced to children under the age of 12/13, because they will get obsessed, just like me.
Don't waste your time on this, and don't risk your child's innocence with this game.
Also, moderation sucks.
While most are good for a child to play, others are violent, frightening, or vulgar.
Please monitor your kids while playing this game.
I for one will not be allowing my children to play on this website anymore.
First of all, if you're thinking since it downloads software it downloads malware, you're wrong.
However, the site also has some flaws.
It's very easy for younger children to end up on phishing sites from bot-accounts made by the owners of those sites.
There are also lots of spam that trick you thinking that you will receive ROBUX.
Dear players of current and future roblox it has come to my concern that roblox will no longer have the option to purchase  a lifetime membership for any of the builders clubs.
It just doesn't seem fair to take away that option for the new players of roblox while the old ones get to earn money on the account till they die.
people can say words like "crap" "piss" and "bastard" if their accounts are not set at the correct age.
I also think ROBLOX's consumerism is too much as most of the websites good features can only be accesed by Builders club membership and/or buying ROBUX.
The community is terrible!
Yes there is alot of swearing!
not all the games are terrible...  And if u say you are under 13 u will get sended with ######## ######## ###### EVERYTIME SOMEONE SAYS SOMETHING NOT IN THE DICTIONARY!
IT MAKES ME WONDER IF IT WAS A BAD WORD OR SOMETHING!
Some members can swear, and spam.
well in games at least as for the learning tool... well that is a but complicated at first and it can take years to get used too!
A lot of people think this for ROBLOX: it's a trashy website full of trolls and Online Daters.
Here's the truth: it's NOT.
Then came 2013, that's when it began to start getting spammers and ODers.
(There were always ODers, but not as many as today) and I began to slowly watch as it began to fill up with mean and crude players.
People will ALWAYS critizise your avatar (3.0 packages replaced the default ones, and ODers began to use them.
also, yes, there's violence, and the moderation system doesn't always work, but ROBLOX is actually really strict about the games allowed.
I don't really like playing the murder games, (there's no major violence.
the community has gotten pretty bad though, but you can just enter a command (/ignore [playername]) to stop seeing the players chat, and report him/her.
If it still bothers you, I suggest leaving the game and trying a different one, something that's not on the front page.
Don't Online Date, (if you do, be advised you could be IP banned, (the ban where you can no longer enter the website) and also generate a TON of hate).
Roblox isn't what most think, but it still can be if not taken care of properly.
If you see somebody not following the rules of ROBLOX, Report them immediately, and leave the game (this is just MY opinion.)
the currency can also suck you up in a trap.
Buying Robux isn't the smartest decision.
There's also Builders Club, but I wouldn't buy any of them, besides the cheapest one.
has blood,violence,gore,and other suggestiv themes.
Recently ive noticed people cussing a LOT on games, such as Apocalypse Rising, a game ive loved since 2013, this game is aimed at 13+ players.
I have seen moderate filtering of things people say using the chat system(only available to a player above 13 years old) but this doesn't always work, for instance, misspelling a cussword usually gets through the filtering, which is a problem the roblox corporation is trying to fix,  HOWEVER, there have been 6 games ive seen with sexual content, since the start of roblox, i guarantee you, these games are added to the site around midnight, and are deleted about 30 minutes later, there creators suspended for 
this means it will not allow the user to creat a new account at all.
Also 1/3 games on roblox have to do with mild violence, which means it will have blood occasionally, but would resemble a game like call of duty, without blood, and overly violent deaths( In call of duty games , people scream violentlly as they die, this isnt on roblox AT ALL.)
USERS ARE CONSTANTLY SWEARING AND BULLYING,TOLD THIS TO ROBLOX WHO IGNORE IT.
Yes, some minor swearing and many games have guns and such.
But if you dont want your child seeing that, dont let them play that specific game.
Sometimes people can make highly inappropriate games and hack the filter, as I've seen some parents posting about.
I don't know why it seems rated rather low for learning, when kids can learn how to code and make games on it, not to mention how to manage and earn money.
The is little monitoring  of inappropriate interaction.
My child's account was hacked and I tried to email them but the email failed .
Once my child's account was hacked I did not want her on there.
I would not recommend this website to younger children.
First of all, users get around safe chats by instead of spelling the f-word, they would make a "v" instead of a "U" which would look almost the same.
I have played ROBLOX for two years now, the community, known as ROBLOXians, has been going down hill.
2013: Scammers looking for "ROBLOX Money:" Robux/Tix
2014: Scammers, Spammers, Swearers & Online Daters
If your a mum/dad, make sure you keep an eye on your kids!
Don't make people cry and leave cause another people will report u for mean stuff to you.
if Your in builder's club u could ban people for mean word to you don't cuss and don't say mean stuff that's more worst.
Worst things in ROBLOX that hackers can hack you in ROBLOX don't make people its just about fun and building and talking nice and all that stuff ROBLOX will ban You and never play ROBLOX...?
I love this game but since the update when I try to play a game it loads and then it never opens a window to play
My child was on the game regularly and was banned.
I received an email saying "inappropriate language" which is not correct.
Then when I question through the email provided, I'm told it was because of fraud.
Which ever it was with no explanation, the account was deleted without warning after hard earned money was spent over weeks of play.
I'm a working professional and I can't say anything good about this experience.
My daughter is now an anti roblox activist and quiet convincing with her friends and peers.
This game and company are up to no good.
Roblox is a seemingly harmless game, however, some things are just plain disappointing about it.
"Roblox" is a building game that allows you to build your very own house, or zombies, or giant monsters that terrorize you for no reason.
Some games, however are violent, and there are even RECREATIONS of games like GRAND THEFT AUTO.
So that's violence.
Just make sure you tell your child that these people are just silly.
There is also Turbo and Outrageous, which are more expensive.
My biggest concern is the safety of children on here.
These two other children were BULLYING him and "freezing" and "punishing" him for ABUSING the admin (which is no reason to do that).
Violence is frequently seen in games, considering that this is the type of audience that the game caters to.
Privacy is only an issue if kids are not taught to be safe.
In many instances, people have complained that their kids are not safe because users try to get personal information from people.
Although this does not often happened, and is exaggerated by parents, the fact may be their fault because they are leaving their kids uneducated; this is probably the main reason that privacy is an issue.
Another complaint that many parents had was the online dating factor.
The site does NOT support online dating, and will take moderation actions on kids that pretend to have "girlfriends" or "boyfriends."
Disguising of language to try to bypass filters is looked for by moderators, and is most always found and punished.
The final issue is consumerism.
This is probably the most major issue on Roblox.
I know what your thinking... WHY 7!!!!!
There is some killing.. And in some games its like blood...
But the blood is transparent red sqaures.. And deaths are just your person falling apart... Its like sliding de-attatched legos across a floor...
This site has some violence, but not a lot.
But there are some very suggestive things that you don't want your kid to see.
People love to bypass the system and say some very terrible things, and add some suggestive.
Also there are tons of child predators and E-Daters here on Roblox.
Roblox really needs to fix moderation.
me and one of my “friends” were playing and this person came up and started a fight for no absolute REASON.
i got banned for a day for saying “mas report” but i get that roblox doesnt like people mass reporting.
but that lady/man was being RACIST.
and you gotta fix the display name, their display is schoolschooter.
but they did NOTHING like absolutely NOTHING when they were being racist.
but Roblox REALLY needs to fix moderation.
its not funny anymore.
they dont need to be reading the chat, talking to strangers and being involved in something really bad.
I got a warning saying that I'm not supposed to show a face.
Well it was not my face and it was just a meme of a baby on a game pass.
I was mad since I reported someone for scamming me and they never rlly did anything about it.
I'm still mad and worried that I might loose all of my robux.
THERE ARE EVEN INAPPORATIE THINGS IN THE GAME THAT ROBLOX HAS NOT DELT WITH YET, and yet they are focusing on smaller things.
this game is horrible.
the moderation is so horrible your account can get banned for 3 days just for saying "sure" "nvm" fix your moderation roblox its so horrible.
Not Recommended For Kids.
It used to be my favourite game in 2016

What happened?
More 5 year olds started playing and turning the community into pedophiles.
I’m 14 and I seen things o this app
There’s a so called dating epidemic where 40 year old men cosplay as 4 year olds to target children

Honestly bring back og roblox
It’s easy to use but at what cost?
MY ANGEL JUST GOT SCAMMED OUT OF HER RAINBOW RIDE AND FLY TAPEWORM I WILL SUE ROBLOX FOR THIS OCCURENCE FLIP ROBLOX!!
Everyone's like: so many ganes with violence.... Like bro....  just filter so they can't play 13+ games by going into the settings page... it's not a big deal..
your game keeps kicking me 
and if i get in all the games are blocked or say not playable
The description read "Last one got banned, don't report this time".
I was absolutely petrified.
I immediately disliked the game and reported it.
ROBLOX, WTF, FIX YOUR CENSORSHIP!!!!
This is a cry to the Roblox gods, FIX YOUR GAME!!!!!!!!!!!
Moderation is horrible.
You get banned for no reason alot.
ok so Roblox as a game always claims something about their right and policy but one day, I was playing project slayers and a guy asked me to join his party I said no but the dude said I was stupid then I got angry and overreacted.
then Roblox banned me for a day, and they did nothing to the other guy.
Shit box whenever you reset your password it still shows your passwords incorrect dont even bother trying to get this crap game.
Roblox is not a video game.
Roblox is more like a glorified app store, filled with portals to user generated ”experiences.” What makes Roblox different from the app stores?
### Chat moderation can be bypassed if clever enough, but it is not easy to do so, and the bypassing player will almost always get in trouble with manual moderation afterwards.
### Predators and otherwise dangerous people and content will always be present on any social platform of sufficient size.
And keep in mind: Dangerous things are found in dangerous places.
It's good for 10 year olds and under but it's every easy to commit a cyber crime.
It's very easy for predators to lure kids outside their houses and force them to take them somewhere for the kidnappers to kidnap them, 

Plus there are also very DIRTY people as my mum would say who would show your kids s*xy stuff and really inappropriate stuff no kid should be forced to see.
And you can also say words like Frick, crap, damn etc just minor swear words.
It's dangerous!!
The problem with it is that there is just no moderation what-so-ever.
If you report something, nothing is going to happen.
Then I saw something  disgusting about Roblox.
You buy Robux with Real life money, in exchange for this fake in-game money.
Basically, in order to make pretty much ANY progress at all in this game, you need Robux.
And the worst part is, they're most likely the most expensive in-game currency to buy.
And if you even try to report them, Roblox does not do anything.
I don't like Roblox, by any means, If I had a child I probably would not allow them to play Roblox, but, atleast it's kind of fun.
Also, most people do not follow Roblox's terms of service.
Roblox has strict guidelines, and nobody follows them.
And Roblox doesn't do anything about it.
But I'm not a parent.
The only problem is that since it is online, a lot of the people completely disregard the rules.
For example, there are countless documents of hate directed towards ethnic groups like LGBTQ, BLM, etc.
in the avatar store, all the items are overpriced, and all the shirts and pants relating to lgbtq have three quarters of the comments spewing total bullcrap about LGBTQ and other groups.
not to mention the toxic kids and exploiters.
Roblox is a great game for children and adults alike but I would not let your kids go free on this app since it has multiple problems.
There are a lot of adults that want to do bad stuff with children and I know a lot about it since I got groomed when I played Roblox at 12 years old, BUT if you just supervise your kids this problem will not occur.
Also, parents if you are reading this you may have heard about “Condo games” which are s_x games within Roblox but hear me out, these are so hard to find that if you find one they will be deleted within a minute or two.
And I know there are some automated ones that replace the deleted game and teleports the player to a new one but it's almost impossible to find one if you are just scrolling through the home screen.
And if that game works out you can actually make real-life money with it, skipping the Roblox studio part the Roblox games do have some problems in them not talking about the condo games but about the toxicity that does with it.
Not all games have toxic people in them but mainly “da hood, the streets” and other gang-related or shooter games have toxic people in them and with voice chat, it becomes even worse.
Yes, you can mute the person but I wouldn't lie that playing such a game is just straight-up annoying.
Cons: There are some bad actors and disgusting games but they are extremely rare.
I recommend not getting the app itself on mobile because there is a lot of lag.
It's a good game tho I don't like that it sends me an error message when I try to message Roblox Support.
really good for younger players 13+ rating is insane, ridiculous and absurd.
the only real possibility of anything iffy is through chat, which is filtered heavily, there is also an option to disable chat in ALL games altogether.
first off id just like to say that as a daily user of Roblox, I have seen firsthand the sex section, and the violence that comes out of it on top of this there is a group that has the word badass in their name their name is littery called badass-games.
, and you can say stuff like dye fanisty ps do not google that it's a very dark youtube video.
If Ur Childs's Account Is Under 8 DIsable Chat And Add A Pin So They Can't Change it To Be safe and  restrict access to a curated list of age-appropriate games by disabling chat completely or limiting it to friends only.
and i have to say that this game sucks.
Its so boring, all the games on it are so stupid, you don’t even have to use your brain for this game, its just 8 year olds role playing, or like parkour games.
Also I've seen lots of kids getting very addicted to this game which is of course a huge problem, even people my age get addicted as well as older teens, please at least play a better game, or just go outside and touch grass.
Also I’ve heard there are a lot of predators on this app, as well as a lot of hackers.
There is an in game currency called robux which can only be attained with real money, so a lot of times scammers are in game, offering free robux, and send links, and not so bright kids press the link and get their account hacked.
I’ve also heard there are a lot of weird sex games, people will pretend to do sexual acts on each other, the chat is censored but people will find ways to bypass it.
People will send you friend requests, i suggest ignoring them, it could be a hacker/scammer, a child predator, and sometimes they will send their discord account, which if your kid has that please check on them, its even worse there.
A lot of people say that there are a lot of swearing, sex stuff, and many more inappropriate things.
But chances are, either you are the problem, or the kid’s the problem.
Back when I first played ( age 5 ) I would play dumb games that were for sure for children.
Roblox will never, and I mean NEVER put anything bad on a recommended page, especially when you are playing Ryan’s Toys Review tycoons, or Dodgeball.
If your child puts anything bad on the search button, there’s a 99% chance that it will get tagged.
If you’re child is doing that, I don’t think you’re a good parent.
Or maybe you’re child is just a bad kid, in that case, just take away any electronics until they learns their lesson.
I swear some of these parents are stupider than their child.
Also, if there is a link that that lead them to something bad, just block the site.
MY FRIEND TOLD ME TO SEARCH UP "condo games" HE SAID IT WAS FUN BUT IT TOOK ME TO A PLACE WITH S # X  I WISH THIS GAME NEVER EXISTED MODERATION IS SO DOODOO
Some players might bypass and might cyber bully you but if you make a sure not to do anything to them they will leave you alone.
If it's 13+, it won't really work unfortunately.
This game banned me for no reason, all I did was say "mad" because someone was upset about me killing them in a game called "knife simulator".
This game is a literal joke.
This game is horrible.
People called 'slenders' buy t-shirts with abs or something too inappropriate to talk about with some kids that rate games on this site and go to games like Club Iris or Slender and CNP hangout and participate in sexual acts.
Some games are for little kids like Adopt Me (which has become worse over the years because of the pets in the game) or Brookhaven.
Bloody Ragdoll has a bunch of gore and Condo games are for h*rny kids.
It's like the game doesn't even have a filter on the chat or game moderation.
roblox its not a friendly game for kids the founder of roblox lied about roblox or we call him david he said its power imagintion for and he said in the trailer its only for kids and teens but the problen is its with adults and thats very bad my brother got bullied by 3 players and he said they were adults and roblox its very terrible company and there's swearing and toxics and mean words dont let your kids to play roblox.
I'm rating it 11+ because more weapons/violence has shown up since then.
There are a few bumps in the road where people bypass anything that is against the rules of Roblox TOS, Sadly there is many occurrences of this as far as I could tell from my experiences.
But this does not make the game bad at all.
This is not where I am getting at.
If your kid is however, breaking these rules, well, just like if they are doing ANYTHING they aren't supposed to on the internet, you should teach them that it is wrong and monitor them on the internet, or in this specific case, Roblox, the Roblox website, and Roblox games.
I see a lot of adults saying that Roblox is suitable or meant for the age range of 18+ which is WAY to high of an age rating, that would be a nightmare...
I understand if the parent is not familiar with Roblox to an extent, but a ton of these adults/parents don't exactly seem to be monitoring their kids the best.
Do not go off of what I am saying, I am not a parent, this is again, an opinion.
It sucks to say that Roblox is not all rainbows and sunshine, the internet itself isn't either, but be sure to always monitor your kids safety on this platform, or while they are in a game, thank you for reading it this far.
She doesn't bother to do her homework, and if someone even DARES to go near her phone while playing it she goes full on PYSCO mode!
And the worst part is that Roblox?
Locked me out of my own account after I freaking bought A LOT OF ROBUX (I think 2,000 or 12,000) and BOOM!
Locked out and can't come back in.
Roblox only cares about money, and barley does anything about the terrifying side of it.. Like sex by using emotes, and MANY toxic people who liked to bypass the 'oh-so-great' chat filter and say...
Some weird stuff.
It takes WEEKS for Roblox to notice these things and ban them, or do nothing at ALL!
Kids can find games that could scare them or people that might scam them.
A 7 year old would probably know better than to do that.
I find some of these parent reviews WAY past the word dramatic.
Why parents, WHY can't you see that?
They both use rude humor and sarcasm, but NEVER swear words!
Moving on to a new topic, Robux is a problem since the majority of the game involves needing it, but it's still playable.
Roblox tries its best to block any way from swearing or being inappropriate.
Many ups and downs with this app.
Getting bullied isn’t common, and even if someone decided to be mean, just be the better person and leave.
There are a few games that have a little violence, and if that’s a problem, just don’t let your kids play those games.
Its chat tags or removes anything unnecessary, and even some things that are perfectly safe.
However, the app's games are full of rude/horrible people who ruin the game for everyone else.
I've seen sex games, swearing, (don't mind me saying this) Nazi worship, and many other things on there.
Unfortunately, it's become difficult to avoid these games on the platform, but if you want your child to play the game and they're under the age of 13, I recommend turning off their chat in the parental settings (so they don't see inappropriate messages and they're not risking their safety on the platform), look at who your child is talking to on there and look at their convos with other people, and perhaps limit their screentime on there.
Something else that isn't good at all is that children tend to waste a lot of money on the game too, such as items called 'limiteds' which can be worth over 10k dollars in real life with some of the items.
People on there tend to buy those to show off to other people, but parents need to be wary as well that children tend to take their parents' credits card and spend it on those types of things, which you usually aren't refunded.
As previously stated, avoid such games if your child does not want to interact with such people.
However, the moderation system is abysmal.
If you report someone, nothing will happen because they almost never take action due to the number of reports they receive, as well as the number of exploiters in the game that aren't dealt with.
but my main acc got hacked i tried a lot of things i even asked roblox to help but they just gave my advices, they ain't do anything.
The second time i tried to be careful and turned on 2sv and then i log out of my acc i usually ask roblox to send the code through my gmail but this time they are only showing recovery codes and authenticator.
I am still in a mess and don't know wut to do
Ok , some games like Arsenal are for 8 + but their is parental controls  and just tell your silly, spoilt high pitch American 4 Yr old girl to play adopt me.
It is glitchy, and not okay for little kids.
If it's off, it's aMaZiNg!!!!!
The violence isn't much of anything.
I first got the app when I was 9 years old and thought it was amazing until I played one of the games called "Pizza Place" I was in the game and I got a very inappropriate chat message from someone that was clearly older than me.
!IT WAS HIGHLY INAPPROPRIATE!!!
Some parents may think this app is good too because you can supposedly make games however you can only do that if you are on a PC so it really has no educational value.
In some most of the games you can choose certain outfits and most of them are quite inappropriate for children under 8.
Let your 2 year old little timmy play this game and make a crappy noob account called miCkEymAkYbOoBaBoO or something.
Don't give them robux, because they can't spend it so what's the bloody point?
Reading some of the reviews of this game is genuinely funny, its fun looking at overreacting parents go mad because someone said "crap" or "sex" in their childrens game.
In the ROBLOX angry moms community its a very controversial topic.
I'm not going to act like its not a problem in the game but I see people acting like they're all pedophiles.. WHAT THE HELL?
Most of the time they're all just 10 year olds.
People are also saying its inappropiate for their children to see but I don't think your children will be "scarred for life" if they see "i :3 you" or "wanna have sox" in the chat of a LEGO GAME.
SWEARING/ FILTER BYPASS
This is probably the most valid point these angry parents have, but its still not that big of a deal, they are just words.
Once again its not like your child is going to be "scarred for life" if they see f*** in the chat and if they do end up seeing profanities in the chat then they can close it by pressing the chat logo and block or report the people.
VIRTUAL CURRENCIES
You have probably seen a few YouTube videos like "BUYING ROBUX WITH MY MOMS CREDIT CARD XD XD DYING WITH LAUGHTER OMG SHE CAUGHT ME VERY FUNNY ALMOST DIED" on the Internet, well if your kids that stupid THEN DONT LET THEM PLAY ROBLOX!
People complain about them losing money to robux when they didn't buy it.
THEN MONITOR YOUR KIDS YOU DUNCE!
I don't have the time limit at all now because it got to the point where some days I wouldn't even play ROBLOX.
REPORTING AND BLOCKING
People argue "UM ROBLOX DOESNT READ REPORTS".
Idiot, they can't read every report you make, keep in mind there is 1 billion registered users so thousands of reports will come in every second, you can't read all of them and you can always block someone who's breaking the rules.
It only has one flaw.
For me (playing since 2015) it is very repetitive and the games when played a lot, get boring.
So if you're looking at this you've most likely seen the first parent review by "momo", she's complaining that her child went off the roblox platform and onto a different website she could have EASILY stopped this from adding PARENTAL CONTROLS.
developers can sneak in files with swearing into their experiences (e.g metro life rp) and people can bypass the chat by using the wave emoji as a 'c' and use letters with accents to type in swear words and there can also be rude idiots online too and users can create accounts with fake age to join 13 + games which has blood so yeah
first the game sucks the platform is more trash than my Russian nelove captian action figure THATS WILD and the WEPSITE CRASHED EVERY FEW MINUTES LIKE TF
They curse, a lot.
Roblox censors it for me but they put words like the f-word, s-word, and many others.
They are twerking, zoophilia, ***e-dating***, etc.
***Necrophilia, necrophilia, necrophilia***.
Many of you have probably seen agonizing things on the platform, such as :  Cyberbullying , Online dating, extremely overrated lazy moderators and overall hackers.
Its very unsafe for small children , except with the chat turned off and age restrictions settings.
But even that isn't enough.
Hackers and online daters can still come in games that look innocent.
MeepCity is the worst place to go on Roblox, just dont go there.
There are some very good games on roblox such as : BloxFruit , Bedwars , Murder Mystery 2 and a lot more... Roblox sucks because of the people playing  it, and not the games.
im a bit sad players when i play fighting battle ground there so rude they team up with other players and try to kill me they say die quit the game noob and do bad things  is it because i have a best rank there being toxic   I WISH WILL NOT BE QUIT IN THE GAME LIKE I CANT PLAY IN 1 DAYY I WISH U JUST TURNED OFF OUR COMMENTS THE WAY THEY TALK TO ME RUDELY  i think i just waste a robux.
and sorry for saying a bad thing word idk that was bad i will just ignore them next time I wish u can read this im not good in english hehe
I love roblox Its my favorite game but sometimes there are bullish and scammers I think u should report them but the report button is useless there account is never banned but there are inappropriate styles and avatars but parents should stop complaining they just want the game banned but nope I love it and there are scamers making you fall for them.but be careful there might be players hunting for u they want ur account so they can hack it but they deserve the players they need CMON ROBLOX KIDS LETS ACT LI
my shoulder slams.
BAD, too much people that swears,date!
dont let your children play this.
I'm sad that Xbox Players can't see Chat because I'm a Xbox player and it feels like Xbox players are neglected  😔
But also the stupid thing is I have to go to my account settings just to change cross-play 😡
Be aware that some people might be rude to your child on the roblox chat which is why you should disable the chat until they are older (~10).
Too much online stuff I'm pretty sure people under 13 can't play it because Minecraft is Just safer for all the kids so if your kids are looking for a game to play just download them Minecraft it's only $7 but if they download  Roblox there going to ask you for $20 Roblox and if they ask you that but when they want mine coins on Minecraft they can get it for $15 so you'd say you have to pay a little bit more for your child's safety
the chat censor is garbage, even the ccp does a better job.
It will censor things not even remotely offensive like words you use in an average conversation.
There were these people called slenders having sex, doing drugs, stripping, its not okay for kids.
I joined and there was blood everywhere.
Not okay for children.
I got banned for joking around and saying hi roblox is so stupid
Hello, I love this app but the thing that isn’t making it 5 stars for me is just because 2 weeks ago I submitted a support ticket saying that my account had been hacked.
But after all of that they still didn’t believe me.
Please get better support I just want my account back.
I used to love playing roblox, but recently they've been very on top of deleting and banning peoples accounts without a reason especially when its not deserved.
You have no right to ban/delete anyones account especially if they spend money.
Thats very unprofessional.
You guys need to do better.
I've been playing roblox for 5 years and I've never been banned so much for simply telling someone to leave me alone.
You guys need to do better and ban the people who deserve it.
Roblox is a good game but their worth ethic is very ill.
It's also supposed to be kid friendly yet a lot of individuals are very inappropriate and when discipline is needed it's not done.No one HAS to utilize the app.
In a few years you guys will no longer be popular and its because of your work ethic.
People shouldn't be punished for defending themselves or others that's not fair, you'd rather ban their accounts that the attacker...makes zero sense.
So the reason why I put 4 stars is because, it scares kids my daughter told me something about Jenna the hacker and that got her scared because she didn’t want to get hacked, it’s very addicting and parents only let your kids use it on break not on the weekends in break, it has a lot of dating which I think that if anyone does that they should get banned, I always stay by my kids when they play to make sure everything is okay 
Stay safe
racist game
this game isn't safe for children anymore, too many adults have joined and start to troll children in the rudest ways possible, i got banned for calling someone out on being racist?
why am i being banned for calling someone else out on something they should have been banned for?
how is calling someone out on racism harrassment??
but if me or my friends respond with something to a racist or offensive topic for example someone telling me to kill my self or thats im a fatty, they dont get banned?
FIX THE GAME!!
DO NOT ALLOW ADULTS TO HARRASS CHILDREN ON A CHILDREN'S GAME!
This is not a game for kids under 8.
Also talk to your kids about scams which as “Join me for free robux!”
And other things like this.
However, there had been some problems starting to occur.
The moderation is not always perfect, for example sometimes it doesn't censor messages and sometimes it censors innocent words.
It also sometimes bans accounts for the weirdest reasons.
also don't spend 200 dollars just to become a slender with one leg pls k thx
terrible, this game has no good moderators, they are racist.
if you just hate Minecraft and you do not want to buy it?
Every single freaking time I played bedwars it said that i was automatically kicked out and banned because i want to play bedwars
Roblox is not a good game for kids.
They get banned for no reason like for example: when they say ''LOL'' or ''3V1'' It's actually unexpectable these kids are using money on this game and once there account gets deleted boom it's gone, everything they have worked for, there hard work is gone.
there banning system is outrageous.
you need to fix it Roblox stop banning kids who are just trying to play the game.
i wouldn't let anyone play this because how bad it is..
Will hear cuss words?
I hear many racist things while I'm on Roblox voice chat, And yes they have a report system for that, but it just isn't that effecient.
There's also a lot of "dirty minded" people on this platform.
Who do some... Inapropriate things?
I forgot to mention the fact that the "N" word is somehow allowed but beer isn't?
Roblox's chat filtering also sucks.
Forever this game will be a peice of me till the day I die.
Full of children who obviously don't have a good home life, bringing down the wholesome vibes.
It's just edgy 12 year olds from clearly broken homes bypassing the cursing censors and talking about sexual things, even in games you'd thought were safe.
No game goes untouched by these unloved, chronically online children.
I can't even let my younger sister play anymore after seeing a sexual roleplay in the chat of the hide and seek game she was playing.
So many inappropriate games allowed as well it baffles me.
If you're gonna let your young impressionable child on here you might as well stand behind them the whole time to monitor what they're intaking or else they'll be corrupted by this strange site too.
And I'm pretty sure a grown man behind a kid avatar tried to prey on me.
He typed very formal like, like how my parents do, asking me very personal questions and when  I reported him, the account never went away.
It used to be fun but now Roblox clearly doesn't care about the safety of the youth, it's easy to see how very money hungry they are, making a bunch of kids pay real life money to do almost anything in any game while not even fostering a safe environment for them.
But, there is a huge downfall to this fun.
I will never forget how sad I was when someone stole my account.
I typed in my username as usual, and when typing in my password, it said "wrong password."
I really hoped that I could get the account back because this is the 4th time I have been hacked but of course, as usual, Roblox is back at breaking young children's hearts, even those of teenagers like me.
I have been hacked 3 or 4 times now and have been playing since 2014 nonstop.
This really really upsets me.
I have spent hours upon hours on this platform but always get hacked, and Roblox never does anything about it.
What kind of internationally known and extremely popular game does not have proper security?
Why is it SO easy for hackers to swipe someone's account in a matter of seconds?
I seriously don't understand why people still play Roblox if this is happening to so many people worldwide every second.
Why aren't there more moderators?
I didn't even get to speak with a real and not automated agent about my issue.
Even with two-step verification my previous accounts got hacked.
Roblox must be getting so many of these messages about this issue every day, in fact, every minute.
Today, Roblox is losing a very dedicated player who has been playing Roblox practically every day all of the time since 2014.
Very unsatisfied.
I can't believe that nobody can do better here.
Downright disrespectful to all players of Roblox.
I couldn't even speak to a real person concerning my issue.
Apart from this issue, bullies have been a real issue lately.
Today, though, I would be more wary of letting a child of 4 or 5 years play this game.
I would not even let an 8 year old play.
To be frank, Roblox has really "gone down the drain" in the past years.
This is where most sexual, bullying, and addictive substance mentions are.
Unless you want your child to be talking to random strangers who may be pretending to be the same age as your kid but are actually predators who are older adults trying to trap your children, please follow as I say.
Roblox tries to censor bad language with hashtags, such as: ####, but people find many, MANY, ways to bypass this.
Roblox has gotten "crazy" for children, and I do no longer recommend letting  anyone play.
Please do read this whole review.
Apologies for any grammatical, punctuational, and spelling errors.
A game for all ages I think only problem I have is that some games contain inappropriate stuff that shouldn't be on a "kids" game the moderation also sucks ppl get bots spam report acc and then ur acc can get banned
I was playing Roblox, on Freddy's ultimate roleplay (go play it's great) and this person started being very rude, and so was her friend.
I then found one of my friends was their friend,  they said thing like "no one cares about you", and they reported me and I got banned for a day, for?
I was trying to go soft on them until one of them said "no one cares about your sibling", the sibling I care for, more than their heartless souls can imagine, the sibling who was just navigating the game at a young age, and got bullied.
Now this is when I got harsh.
My sibling (I'll just say sibling bc I don't want even remotely private info of them in public) getting bullied makes me feel something that makes me want to destroy a layer of concrete, but I had nothing to take it out on, so I misspelled every word I said by typing very fast saying things to make them go away.
Anyone with kids who are very young or can't stand up to bullies (or both) must read this.
I was playing Roblox, on Freddy's ultimate roleplay (go play it's great) and this person started being very rude, and so was her friend.
I then found one of my friends was their friend,  they said thing like "no one cares about you", and they reported me and I got banned for a day, for?
I was trying to go soft on them until one of them said "no one cares about your sibling", the sibling I care for, more than their heartless souls can imagine, the sibling who was just navigating the game at a young age, and got bullied.
Now this is when I got harsh.
My sibling (I'll just say sibling bc I don't want even remotely private info of them in public) getting bullied makes me feel something that makes me want to destroy a layer of concrete, but I had nothing to take it out on, so I misspelled every word I said by typing very fast saying things to make them go away.
EDIT: there is another review here about being banned for standing up for yourself, what I thing we should do from now on, is report the bullies first.
I can't believe Roblox just lets this happen, it's awful.
I also forgot to mention, fix game crashing.
I load up Roblox and it has this inevitable cycle of starting the game, and crash.
I hope Roblox sees this and fixes their ways, but based on how they already are, they might just ban me even longer for writing things like this.
So what we have is good games, bullies getting to ban you for no reason, bullies getting away with bullying a young soul navigating the game (which I will NOT let them get away with), and saying very bad things and having you get banned and they get away with it, which lets them think they get to do whatever with no consequences, which can lead to very bad things.
EDIT 2: More things I should mention, some Roblox games are very questionable, we've heard about this kind of thing on the news, Im surprised Roblox bullies weren't there alongside it, anyways these kinds of games any kid can find, and when they see it, being the curious people they are, will play it and see things.
Things Roblox must fix: bullying, glitching, and bad games.
Not bad like they're not good the, inappropriate type.
Roblox should do something like if a new game is being made they should review it, and see if the age rating is good or not, and actually check who's bullying instead of just banning some random person, and fix the glitches.
Glitches like freezing the screen and when you try to look around it only zooms in and out of your character, and Roblox kicking you out.
I've also seen videos on wrongful bans on YouTube, like saying lol in a game and then getting banned for a day because of it (but who knows the context of it).
What's the point of asking Roblox to fix themselves, we've been trying for a while now and really no progress was made.
EDIT 3: I was just wrongfully banned for standing up for myself to a bully who sent me death threats, wow Roblox.
It's almost like Roblox needs a new team of people who have actual common sense.
I do have to admit I roasted the bully pretty bad but then again he sent me death threats.
Oh and I'm doing everything in my power to get him banned because he sent me death threats and said really bad things about our friends behind their backs (he even manipulated them once).
All I know is that this game gets worse and worse.
Some of the bullies I met on Roblox (KJT for example she was also a very bad bully who needs to be banned, cmon Roblox) were actually funny and threaten to do something they can't do, but they'd do it (banning someone cuz u didn't want to meet their friend right now) so Roblox needs to make ultimate changes.
So really at this point all you have to do in Roblox to not get banned is to just crawl up in a ball and hide in a game by yourself (which I do not recommend).
EDIT 5: me and my friend were playing Roblox catalog avatar and some Karl kid was copying out characters way too much, so I reported Karl and told Roblox to actually do something and later he was still there and my friend was not listening to me after I decided he should report Karl and move on.
And it seems that that's a reason why I was banned again.
Roblox is not putting words into my mouth, and I've never seen that before.
Either it's that or the Karl kid put the words into my mouth, but I've been banned 3 times.
All of them were wrongful ones, Roblox is just getting out of hand now.
EDIT 6: Another thing to mention, everytime there's a bully it's either they get away with it or I get banned.
And soon their banning alt accounts if your main one is banned, too.
This is wrong in many ways.
What if you were falsely banned and Roblox won't respond (since I have no faith in the game anymore I feel they wouldn't respond) and now you can't play roblox anymore?
I feel comfortable roasting this game: ur moderators are robots they're so fake 3:00am videos are jealous in fact those videos don't even have feelings (reminds me of the moderators) so that just goes to show how much of a failure these moderators are in fact how about this, in order to ban someone you have to do a robot test.
If they are humans then at this rate hire angels as moderators or something idk.
I mean Roblox is Fun but the thing is their website crashes all the time and also Roblox censors appropriate stuff and does not censor inappropriate stuff like what!
this is the worst game in the world and deserve to be shut down and never to be open again.
It's torturing, suffering and mentally emotionally trash.
I would play legit angry birds over this.
There is so many hackers, glitches and more annoying things.
Fuck this game and the developers of this game s. So trash, so bad and so annoying
WORST GAME EVER!!
i wish that games weren't so repetitive though
ban people with anger problems
bro fuck this game now like i cant even play anything for more than 5 seconds without it instantly crashing
People tend to complain about inappropriate games, but the issue is that those games arent on the roblox homepage.
If you catch your kid playing an inappropriate game, most likely they had to search it up.
Other parents complain about the game "Adopt Me" because of the name.
Other than that, I do feel like roblox should tag the word  "Dam" and "Hell" .
Though "Dam" is not a curse word, kids have been using it to curse instead of "D--m" .
They also use "Hell" very commonly as " wth" or " what the hell ?
Though " hell" is not a curse word, I do think that it can be very offensive and kids should not be using it.
There could be moments where I get bored on it or get upset at it, but!
i saw my little child trying a deep voice while wearing an tall avatar i caught him having gangbang sex with pedophiles!
And they should add a random server button on all the games because people sometimes want to join a different server so their friends wouldn’t bother them while having fun in their games, and it gets annoying to look at a screen waiting for a spot to play with them.
great game but too the parents out there who say this game sucks I  have a message for you stop being a Karen Okay this game is meant for kids stop over reacting
There are however some bad users and bad avatar accessories (which often limit to classic shirts, because you need permission to make other accessories), but staff tries its best to maintain safety.
YES, there are some bad games, like condo, but they only pop up if you ONLY search specifically for them.
We need to be fr bc whos rlly gonna spend $170 USD on that crap like make it affordable 😭😭
its just a bad game, honestly.
There's only weird RP games that are well updated.
most other games are out of update and just are shabby.
Roblox used to be an amazing fun game to play with my sister right when I’d get home from school but now the game just turned into.. ugh!
People are now hacking in it, making inappropriate games, gory games, people are now online dating in it, everyone is so rude and hateful, roblox is no longer the amazing game it used to be, rip.
Although roblox should be 8+ 
There are things like combat warriors which has a ton of gore and violence( which by roblox is 13+)otherwise it is a very 8+ game
awesome but i see lots of toxic people and online daters and there's a lot of games i see that i shouldn't be seeing :(
There are fun games, but under the surface there is f*tish games, and more.
There is young kids on Roblox, but they probably shouldn't be there.
Let's get started on the cons: Some games are devoted to dating and I found one or two where people were basically saying "ABC for sex with me" and some dumb s**t like that, if you put the chat in a certain way you can bypass it to stay stuff that is EXTREMELY Innapropriate like racial slurs, c******rn mentions, ect, some people are just extremely rude and f***y wucky all over the place, now the pros, it can be informal, you can learn stuff, there's now in-game age ratings, also real quick parents MAKE SURE
I think this game is 9 plus cause there is a few inappropriate things.
There is a report button if there are inappropriate things going on.
YET, YOUR INDIAN MODERATION TEAM THOUGHT MY SHORTS WERE CHEATS AND I WAS BANNED BECAUSE OF YOUR INDIAN MODERATION TEAM!
YOU REALLY THOUGHT YOU COULD FALSELY BAN MANY PLAYERS INCLUDING MY LITTLE BROTHER'S FRIEND AND SOME PEOPLE THAT SAY HI?!
YOU DIDN'T EVEN BAN A HACKER FOR HACKING IN EVADE!
I LITERALLY SENT YOU PROOF AND YET YOU DIDN'T EVEN BAN HIM!
USELESS?!
WHY DO YOU EVEN HAVE BAD MODERATION?!
IS IT BECAUSE YOU ARE ACTING LIKE A GREEDY BAG?!
YOU DIDN'T EVEN PAY FOR THE OOF SOUND AND MAKING A DEATH SOUND AS DISGUSTING AS EATING SHRIMP!
YOU NEVER DID ANYTHING ABOUT ONLINE DATING AND YOU ARE A DISGRACE TO THE COMMUNITY!
YOU LITERALLY HAVE A INDIAN CHAT FILTER SO THAT WHEN I TYPED IN FAT BACON TOADETTE, IT GOT CENSORED!
YOU LITERALLY REMOVED USEFUL STUFF FOR DEVELOPERS AND NOW MY BROTHER IS SUFFERING THROUGH WORK AND YOU LITERALLY MADE INAPPROPRIATE AVATARS SO YOU CAN GET PEOPLE INTO TROUBLE, INCLUDING MY FRIEND NICHOLAS BECAUSE OF HIS SISTER!
YOU ARE A GREEDY DIRTBAG!
I BET YOU HAVE PEOPLE WHO LEARNED NOTHING FROM READING FROM SCHOOL TO READ THE REPORTS!
AND YOU ALSO WARNED MY FRIEND JUST FOR POSTING A PICTURE OF A CELEBRITY AND YOU THINK THAT'S BULLYING?!
HOW SENSITIVE ARE YOU?!
There are some who are just bad, trolling others, making racist roleplays/jokes, sexualizing characters and trying, online dating, etc.
I have only seen others harassing others.
I know it's a business strategy but it gets annoying.
Very fun, but without robux its literal ass.
me  was caught in a roblix gangster satanic drug deal at 3 am at mcdonalds with my friend zaza pants help me please im a bouta blow and were also caught gang banging and rawdoging please kill me i have nothing left in my lif3
I am a teen ( almost) and I really wish people could stop being rude and to be nice.
Some people kill themselves because of this game and because of the things people have said to them.
I really think they should not have anything with trying swearing because my friend can swear on roblox, with no tags.
Some people are also R@sict and have a mind of there own with words.
I really think this game was amazing but then people where having s3x and swearing and alot of vilionce, they you for all your time of reading this.
But there are sometimes bad people on it (like all games / social media) so be careful and have the internet safety talk.
And if you find a bad user or game you can report it.
Slenders, s#x  people and hackers and scammers.
Also like other people it’s doesn’t have really have a good moderation for example there was this person in Brookhaven who was very racist to my friend so I reported him but that person never got banned plus many people do not follow rule .STILL Roblox is a pretty fun game to play and if someone is being annoying just ignore them.
:/
Later I hopped on her account and found out it was her sugar daddy feeding her robux… stop this now Roblox
The game is good and all but There’s some games that are called “Content deleted” And I think it’s not a great game because it’s  Kinda inappropriate .
there may be bad things like sex or whatever but, you can have your chat turned off and put in restricted mode!
sometimes players came have bad clothing and stuff but roblox bans that within 5 minutes.
It’s fun to play but there are inappropriate content❌❌❌❌
not recommended at all, unless u want to be called racist and be bullied.
I played on there, where some called Indians, just good for curry, and and me racist.
Not recommended.
This is game is great and all, but they added vc and it is amazing to just be able to talk to kids my age finally, but roblox has really just been annoying ever since then.
It's like you can't even joke with your friends anymore or else you'll get banned for it.
I've submitted many forms to roblox yet they never respond either.
If they add vc why be so hard on the teens about what they say, you also ban without clips of what happened which would make more since if you had the clips of how they got banned etc.
I love this game a lot, but it just gets frustrating when you are trying to have fun with friends on the game but can't because you're afraid to get banned or suspended for having fun.
I had many times where I wouldn't even be using vc and still get banned for nothing.
Roblox, I hate you, but I also love you!
Roblox support is fucking garbage, if something happens to your account its fucked, they will not help you.
The more "violent" or "explicit" games are locked behind an age rating if your kid actually puts their birthday.
You can talk to other people on the platform, chat filters are in place so your kid doesn't say his full name/address/phone number, but one major downside is a possible predator talking to your kid, thats why you need to take some responsibility and monitor their account instead of placing this game in-front of them and leaving them alone with a electronic device.
I felt the need to post this as reviews are outdated or heavily exaggerated by other kids/adults.
The more "violent" or "explicit" games are locked behind an age rating if your kid actually puts their real birthday.
You can talk to other people on the platform, chat filters are in place so a kid doesn't say his full name/address/phone number, but one major downside is a possible predator talking to your kid, thats why you need to take some responsibility and monitor their account instead of placing this game in-front of them and leaving them alone with a electronic device.
Roblox does have moderation team to combat any rule breakers, but isn't all that reliable to be honest, some inappropriate stuff does fall through the cracks like the other reviews say, but it should be good if you monitor what they do.
I felt the need to post this as reviews are outdated or heavily exaggerated by other kids/adults.
If you don’t want your kid chatting with people go to parental controls to block it.
I think the worst part of the game is bypassed clothing which is seen A LOT in a game called Meepcity.
Please, please don’t let your kid play meep city.
It’s disgusting.
I HATW ROBLOX.
DO NOT LET YOUR CROTCH GOBLINS PLAY IT.
AL THEY DID WAS HAVE HORRRIBLE TAST IN FASHINO FMAOUS AND I DIDINT WIN ONCE.
ROBLOKK IM SUINGYOU WATCH OUT YOU SHOUDVE LET ME WIN.
When i buy robux, it is saying payment cancelled
There are some bad games here and there.
One complaint that i have though is that sometimes you will cross "toxic" teenagers or little kids who like to bully.
serioulsly stop plaaying it there are secret sex games hidden in the shadows, as well as suicide themed, and extremely gory and violent games irt isnt even very good just no do not play this game
Many people (especially parents) claim that gaming makes you less social.
When it got popular there was people in the game who had their avatars as something called “slenders” they ruined the game and online dated.
Most parents and news reporters say that Roblox have s*x games and how they should beware but they don’t.
These games are hard to find
2.
This games can get banned quickly 
3.
Roblox moderation in these days and the old days never worked.
Roblox can get you banned for no reason but then people make NSFW images on Roblox and the moderation doesn’t ban it.
Now it’s time to end this conclusion Roblox can be a good website for kids to make games and play but always tell your kids to never accept s*x or any personal information.
I’m very upset as Roblox banned me for a day and because I was defending a girl who was getting bullied about her DEAD FATHER and they did not ban the boy who was doing it they banned me for standing up for her im very disappointed..
Roblox is an dangerous app for kids!
Your kids could talk to strangers and say bad stuff.
This app is dangerous!
(Most likely when i was 15 or 13 I mostly got scam by my old account from scammer) Watch out parents!
This game is an dangerous app they can done bad stuff!
Roblox is meant for kids.
When you see someone swear or say a racial slur, just report and block them.
If you fail, you lose.
That’s bad too.
Roblox is a really good platform, but just too many inappropriate games like s*x games and dr*g use and swearing in games.
For example, there are discord servers that give you Roblox links to inappropriate games.
I play Roblox every day, but from my 6 years of playing the game, the game has fallen down to the point where it's basically unsafe for some people.
There have been MANY incidents where people have broken the TOS, especially adult developers, and have gotten away with it.
One incident was with a 24 yo (at the time) going to (inappropriate) Meepcity parties and online dating a girl UNDER 13, which is ILLEGAL.
Just don't be a dumbass when playing Roblox.
Do not listen to any parental reviews, they are unprofessional and did not set up any safety features for their kids, If you see bad reviews about this game, its because the children are doing the bad stuff, not the game.
- To find bad games/innappropriate games on roblox you have to SEARCH for them, meaning that if you see your child playing one, he/she went an actively SEARCHED for it and played it full knowing it was a bad/innappropriate game to do those innappropriate/bad actions (Yeah, may wanna ground your child or turn on some safety features and parental control options).
It started to get a lot more weirder and lots of kissing and dating and Roblox still said's that MeepCity is for All Ages, I don't think so... Also, There are games there that has Realist Blood/Gore that Roblox doesn't really deal with a lot and games where they allow you swear without tags.
Also, Here are some buggy-laggy parts of Roblox.
So, Whenever you get hacked and you send an email out to Roblox, They don't do anything, All they do is ask "Stuff to do when you get hacked" And when my Roblox account got hacked and I sent an Email, It did NOTHING.
It just let that hacker sell my items and act like they own the account.
Another laggy part of Roblox is that the Bans are not even good, The Moderators just see someone say a word like "Noob" or something and they just ban them right away, Can't Roblox hire good and pleasant Mods that actually bans someone for a reason instead of letting Online-Daters just kiss Online?
Gross!
ok , this defently "inspires imagination" which is good, but there is a few aspects that make the game a bit... bad?
not in a fun way in a other way.
2. hackers can be found in almost any game, some games have more then others and it can be very annoying.
3.bullying, a few phrases not censored by the chat system are: go touch grass,ez,etc.
and im sure you wouldnt want your child to get bullied.4.
When I finally did, just up the road, he pulled out a gun and told me he was going to (unalive) me.
This, of course, caught me off guard and I left the game without saying anything.
It's a shock that, while messages like "I told you" get blocked, the words "I'm going to kill you" still get through.
There are some major issues with this system.
I think the big problem with these games is that a lot of kids and possibly teenagers are looking for "Roblox girlfriends" or "Roblox boyfriends", which can make them easy prey for predators.
I know Roblox can be an unsafe environment for younger children, but in my experience I've had relatively minor (but still alarming) issues.
When I finally did, just up the road, he pulled out a gun and told me he was going to (unalive) me.
This, of course, caught me off guard and I left the game without saying anything.
It's a shock that, while messages like "I told you" get blocked, the words "I'm going to kill you" still get through.
There are some major issues with this system.
I think the big problem with these games is that a lot of kids and possibly teenagers are looking for "Roblox girlfriends" or "Roblox boyfriends", which can make them easy prey for predators.
It seems as if most people on these servers are trying to scam people, or simply spam the chat with repetitive, cookie-cutter phrases to encourage others to donate to them.
One player's "stand" was obviously hacked to me, but it might not have been as obvious to young children.
When I clicked on an item that stated its cost as five Robux, I was confused as to why it showed the balance on my account went way down if I chose to purchase said item.
Then I realized that, even though it said I'd be paying five, the mediator screen showed I'd have to pay 299 Robux!
There were several other things wrong with that player's stand, but I'll leave it at that.
I reported them and pointed out their scam to them in chat.
Additionally, their avatar looked like a fully-grown man with no idea of what teenage girls like to put on their Roblox figures put together what he thought was the most "attractive" outfit.
//////

Edit 2 (cont'd): There are also many issues with the moderation system.
Words like "ass" and "hell" come through, but the words "bro" and "ok" get censored.
There have been several occasions where someone spams the chat with potty language or repetitive sentences.
Please monitor your child while using this app/game if you would not like them to be exposed to such occurrences.
Roblox moderation system is terrible for those 10 year olds that play due to me just getting banned  by random hackers so I don’t recommend this game and also spread this to inform all those kids that play this game so they don’t get this happened to me
Roblox is a really fun game yet there are bullies.
Roblox does not give us   not sponsored events which we all dislike but Roblox has a community.
It  is okay to bully Lisa Gaming and be a little snotty about Lankybox and little kids can talk to 40 year old man .
Roblox is a really fun game yet there are bullies.
Roblox does not give us  not sponsored events which we all dislike but Roblox has a community.
It  is okay to bully Lisa Gaming because she is a brat.
Players can be a little snotty about Lankybox because he copies thumbnails and is a little annoying.
just a game for 2 year olds.
i just wrote "stupid" in the chat and i got banned.
i just hate this game soo much and i will tell all my friends to never ever play this game as only babies play this game
It may also contain profanity, racism, and most of all, cyberbullying.
The fame used to be very fun to play but in the end, it just seems like it is just a dating app and a game where you could have the ability to have virtual sexual interaction with somebody else.
Do not let a young child play this game or it could completely ruin their innocence.
Notes: there could also be extreme gore and violence depending on which game you play.
The moderation team can also be very unprofessional.
This is clearly gambling but the moderation team won't do anything about it because of how the gamblers are the ones who keep buying robux and who keeps making Roblox money.
Do not let your child play this game unless you want them to gamble for a in-game pet where they probably will just forget about the game a few days later.
Roblox, I found this game fun since 2017, but when I found out right now you can commit profanity, dating, violence, and you can see theres alot of people who is addicted to s*x. I prefer to keep my brother/sister NOT to play this game, because of the Roblox Moderation, and I absolutely dont want to be the same as s*x addicters.
Thats why I dont play this game anymore
First of all, do not waste money on Robux, which we never did.
It is too expensive.
That's a problem right there.
This includes inappropriate things, and yes, lots of adults play this game.
Don't trust anybody.
There are plenty of messed-up people.
There are people who use cuss words.
If you like cyberbullying, this is the perfect place.
I warn you that it's easy to find scary games, and what was we found wasn't even half-bad as other games out there.
Me and my siblings had to delete Roblox because our mom found out there was chatting, and she knew that was dangerous.
My bro says my sis was chatting about something bad to a stranger.
GAME fun, but NOT RECOMMDED, and NOT safe, especially for children.
It can damage their wellbeing, and provide a platform for child-hunters
Ok I am really ANNOYED with this app I love it  but their Customer service is  crap my mom put on a pin but she tried to turn it off But it didn't work so we filled out a form for you and It did it work so roblox said to delete my account but  my mom  said well what about my progress with every game and her pets and the gift card and her friends so we are hoping for a answer  so in other words don't put on a pin.
PARENTS WATCH WHAT YOUR KIDS ARE PLAYING, AND IF THEY ARE BULLIES TO OTHER KIDS.I CANNOT STRESS THIS ENOUGH WATCH WHAT YOUR KID/KIDS ARE PLAYING IF THEY HAVE NIGHT TERRORS AND PLAY THIS GAME PLS CHECK WHAT THEY ARE PLAYING ALSO MAKE A PIN JUST REMEMBER IT PLSS.
9+, which may contain heavy unrealistic blood and frequent mild violence.
13+, which may contain realistic blood and frequent moderate violence.
Sometimes mistakes are made when rating certain games, for example, the game Phantom Forces is rated 9+ for frequent mild violence, but the game contains unrealistic blood, which is not mentioned in the rating.
Another example is Blood Overhaul, a game which features bloody graphic violence and is rated 9+, despite the game using the exact same gore physics/textures/effects as a 13+ rated game called Euphoria Blood Testing.
Overall rating: 10+ for cartoon violence and gore.
Apologies for the bad format, CSM breaks it.
Roblox Studio on the other hand can take months to learn, in my case, almost two years to fully feel comfortable.
Too much violence
The amount of violence in a game varies from game to game, but Roblox does limit the extent.
Excessive gore is prohibited, and games that include it are taken down often.
Games that Roblox see as glorifying violence and other related topics such as recreating tragic world events such as the Holocaust and 9/11 are prohibited.
Too much sex
Roblox encountered widespread media coverage around 2018 of the emergence of sexually explicit games on the platform, but the corporation has since taken extreme actions against them.
The genre of games, known in the communities as “condos,” are an effectively extinct species.
If a player is not looking for them, there is an extremely, extremely low chance they will ever find them.
Even if they do search for it, they will not show up in results.
Rumors have sent the perpetrators of these inappropriate games running, as rumors have it Roblox has began to threaten legal action against those continuously breaking Roblox’s rules on explicit content.
Too much swearing
Roblox has an extremely strict chat filter that replaces words or phrases seen as problematic with a random number of “######.” Some examples of what the filter looks for includes profanity, addresses, phone numbers, and occasionally certain names.
Some players will attempt to bypass this filter by using foreign characters and intentional misspellings, but they can be reported to moderators where they face bans and terminations.
Too much consumerism
Roblox’s only official currency is Robux, which serves a widespread purpose.
Robux is quite pricy, as the cheapest purchasing option is eighty Robux for one US dollar, and the next being four-hundred Robux for five US dollars.
An unfortunate side effect of being able to make money from Roblox game development is pay-to-win games that promote buying expensive gamepasses.
Actually, it was supposed to be one hundred bucks more expensive, and the developer only changed it after backlash.
A WARNING TO PARENTS
By far Roblox’s biggest problem is exploitation of children by scammers and creeps.
Number one, and the worst, grooming.
There have been rare, but documented claims of attempted grooming by adults towards impressionable children.
The actual grooming never happens on Roblox only begins.
The predator will meet the victim on Roblox, maybe friend them, talk to them in the private chat, but no harm will be done with Roblox’s inability to send images and the strong chat filter.
How the predator exploits the child is by leading them away from Roblox and onto a separate service, most often Discord.
Discord is a fantastic app that is great for talking with people and forming a community, but it is supposed to be for those thirteen and older, and has no filter or safety protections.
Another problem with Roblox is scams.
Sadly, the lowest scum on Earth will try to trick your kids.
There are the flat-out scams, and the sketchy sites.
The first is the dying breed.
Spoiler alert, it doesn’t work any you might have just gotten a computer virus, The second is the sketchy sites, which actually do give you Robux when you complete surveys.
However, these survey websites are probably doing illegal activities and are collecting personal data on your child.
Also, the Robux was probably not obtained legitimately.
And of course, this is all highly against Roblox’s rules.
The second method of scams is in-game, where scammers will use the advertise game feature to promote a fake game posing as the official Roblox account.
They will have a fraudulent but real-looking game that asks your child to put in their username and password to get free Robux, but obviously all you get is an account stolen.
(Conclusion)
Roblox is not a perfect platform, especially one with so many users.
lots of creeps and perverts though.
reporting kind of stinks though.
like you reported for teasing your best friend while there are people asking for "sexy pictures" and i once got called a 40-year-olds "wife" at age 13, as he did heart eye emojis at my avatar and these people don't get reported or banded.
Horrible ass app if your playing on a pc, disconnect every second on like 40 ping which is average asf, lucky i even return to this after 7 months, disconnect problem lasted 2 years straight no matter how many times its been checked/fixed "error 277" my ass
Horrible ass app if your playing on a pc, disconnect every second on like 40 ping which is average asf, lucky i even return to this after 7 months, disconnect problem lasted 2 years straight no matter how many times its been checked/fixed "error 227" my ass
This legit made maceys dad chase kevin with a knife bad game ong bru
i saw a nono game and i was traumatized for life 0/10 would not recommend
Roblox is awful I had a username called diabeetousfeetous1 and now because I asked someone if I could tap that fishy PUHAYYY they’ve banned me, the ban was also because of my username I’m disappointed.
This game should change their attitude.
But most of the time they are deleted in a matter of seconds to minutes since created.
At times there can be some bad language, which is why I think that 13 year olds and older can play it.
Roblox can be addictive, but as you get older, you learn how to control yourself, which is why I don't recommend it for users under 13 years old.
roblox is very good but the problem is there is there is age filter it is recommended set it on 13 or whatever you want.
It's very hard to find but, there are explicit content called "condo games".
It also is an app that has preditor behavior as anyone that is in your friend list can DM you.
There's also games with detailed gore, scary entities, and stuff like that, those are horror games and hav ratings.
NEXT THING I KNOW THE POOR BOY IS ADDICTED.
HE'S STOPPED DOING HIS FARMING AND HOUSE CHORES.
HE'S USING ALL THIS WEIRD SLANG YOU KIDS USE.
I'M SCARED Y'ALL.
The currency for roblox is ‘robux’ which you can only get by buying with real money.
A problem with roblox is the chat.
There is a chat in roblox with a good chat filter (compared to other games), but as always, people find ways to get around it, and say swear words.
OMG dont let your  kids play this game my child litterly beat someone u pin this game and he turned into a monkey.
Things I don't like about this app for Roblox studio.
It's sometimes super laggy, way more laggy than Roblox game client!
alright so don't get me wrong ROBLOX is cool and all but there's one problem, and that is i have to do preschool math every time I want to login to my account and it tells me I'm wrong
Inappropriate games.
Roblox contains some games that parents do not approve of.
Roblox is somewhat notorious for having children in danger.
I've seen a lot of cursing due to bypassing the chat filter when it is not working, or just bypassing it with hacking.
IT SUCKS, PLEASE DO NOT DOWNLOAD, HIGH PING, WORSE PERFORMANCE AND TOXIC PLAYERS
Dont play roblox kids if your not looking for this.
Parents dont trust your kids with this app .
I have been playing this app for a lot of years and yet they still dont do anything to prevent this .
Horrible people on roblox DO NOT LET YOUR CHILD DOWNLOAD.
This is sad?
@roblox fix it then I change my review.
Not ok roblox
I was playing roblox then i get banned just for saying For And other stuff no swearing or anything breaking roblox community  guidelines
while there are many great quality games there are some terrible games that is why I rate it 4 stars and not five.
To be completely honest with this review, I am very disappointed.
But there is one huge problem, the verification.
This isn't even the biggest issue with this though, the verification literally doesn't work.
I've been locked out of my account and even making a new account on roblox and it's all to blame on the damn verification.
In ROBLOX there is a very annoying bug that shows up a lot during late 2022 and early 2023.
The disconnect glitch.
I play a game for a while, everything is very laggy, and then out of nowhere, I disconnect.
My internet is fine, the games aren't too big, it's just really annoying.
Note: When I disconnect, I am UNABLE to join the server I was in.
ROBLOX Corporation, please fix this.
THIS GAME IS HORRIBLE MY DAUGHTER WAS EXPOSED TO SEX AND CURSE WORDS THROUGH THIS GAME
However, some games may have violent content.
Even though there are filtering measures, inappropriate material has still been found.
Parents should be aware of the chat features their children use, as they may contain explicit material, offensive language, and predatory practices.
The roblox moderators are very annoying because everytime i want to text y friend in roblox they keep making the chat tags and it's very annoying for all the roblox players.
I tried to get robux, my email and my phone number that is verified on my account will not work.
I have just wasted mine and others money.
Community is such a self, a lot of dissatisfied with life of schoolchildren swear or insult others.
Violence is there, but it depends on what game.
There are good games, but most are bad and ask for a lot of donations to develop somehow.
There are also h***y kids who will harass you.
There are so many games to play, and you can block your child from playing certain games is they include sensitive stuff.
There is some violence is some games, but you can usually turn off the blood in (the game your in, like rainbow friends) or just talk about some restrictions regarding violent games.
I would like to warn you that people do find a way to say swears in the chat using letters (qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm), numbers (1234567890), and these things that I can't remember the name of right now (~!
my only concern is people are jerks on here, i can handle it since i'm 15 but younger kids might not be able to.
If you don’t prefer violence, bullying, swearing, or sexual activity i really wouldn’t recommend the game Da Hood.
It’s sort of fun but makes you rage a lot and people will judge you and there are all sorts of guns and knives and you can fight and people will literally kill you if you don’t match a certain style or if you look as if you are “poor” or a noob.
Ever since the voice chat feature was unexpectedly added, it’s gotten a lot worse.
Also, roblox will literally do nothing about hacked accounts.
I’ve seen several videos and posts even on this website about how people’s account get hacked on roblox by scammers, hackers, and even anyone and will email roblox with tons of proof that they own the account and roblox will literally still not help them.
the report option in roblox is merely useless, in my almost 5 years of playing roblox, i sure know well that if you report a player, it will not work at all.
( based on my thousands of arguments and bad things i have came across ) i’ve reported many people before, but at this point everyone knows roblox’s monitoring system is dog crap and the only thing they end up banning is if a inappropriate game is created, such as games called “condos”.
the games literally allow you to have private parts attached to your body and the chat is hacked by the creator and ANYTHING you say will go through the filter, there are almost inappropriate animations made into the games that allow players to have sexual intercourse and it is much more easier on these games obviously for kids to give out private information to random old men that are on them since the chat filter is not filtered at all.
I discovered a ton of condo games when i was around 8-9 and always have been traumatized after seeing pixalized sex.
But now these days, it is a lot harder to find condo games as if you would have to join online social media groups on apps like discord for example to access condo games because roblox will filter the word out if you search things like “condo” or “con” on the game search bar.
The closest thing to gore they often allow is either a 2D texture of blood or an almost flat red cylinder.
A lot of the negative reviews about the violence on here is “I saw my 12 year old shoot a zombie with a gun!
I banned it from my child for life!” It’s basically the same as a Nerf gun or water balloons in real life.
If you see someone who is rude, just ignore them.
Some parents complain about people bypassing the chat filter with @ or $.
There’s more cussing on a school bus.
If you or your child ever goes out to public places like school or the grocery store, you will hear cussing.
It’s not nice but it’ll happen no matter how sheltered a child is.
Some games can also be scary, for example, doors or the mimic.
Well it was ok I don’t really like it it’s kinda boring game and there are some scary games that could scare your little one but what I recommend when every kid turns 10 they hav to watch inception
Also watch out for some people on there they can be a rude and it honestly depends on the world you go in.
There are some inappropriate games that kids should not join and kids should not trust random people.
I do not recommend this game to your child.
I had to take away his Computer away, and only let him play on the weekend.
This game is really confusing because it has no instructions and you don’t know where to go.
If your restricting your kids from playing roblox your a shitty ass parent who gives a shit about whatever 40 your old moms have to say just let them play it’s not that bad who cares what buzzfeed or whatever says it’s fine and for people how gave it sex and nudity rating…WHAT THE FUCK
If anything happens to compromise the safety of your account and/or valuable items you own then the chances are it's beyond anything Roblox Support could do to help.
They seriously need to revamp their whole contacting, support and emailing  system.
Losing items that took months of saving up for is really disheartening and to be told by the support team that no, my account did not get compromised and I "willing" made a trade where I lost 96% of my limiteds value to an account made 46 days ago is a slap on the face.
But aside from support team issues, the website is constantly breaking or facing connection issues in games and the difficulty of having an everyday conversation is absurd.
Those on top of exploiters running rampant and worsening catalogue updates really bring down the standard of the website down
Sure, that may sound great and all, however, it is not so great as it seems on paper.
Some online games may be kid friendly, but the players most certainly will not always be so.
Roblox's poor moderation leads to rather questionable avatars which may be too revealing or downright lewd , as well as inappropriate comments from other users.
Although rare, there are most certainly people who dress/ role-play as very offensive groups, such as those who role-play as the Nazis.
Depending on the game, various forms of violence may be a common sight which may include gun violence.
Roblox tries constantly to get users to buy 'Premium' as well as Robux, as well as even other users pressuring users to buy robux.
Although it can be fun, it may also be very problematic.
One last note: Some time in 2018, a seven year old girl's Roblox avatar was 'gang raped' by exploiters.
If that is concerning, Roblox may not be a good choice.
Now let me tell you about the bad things.
Some games have violence, sex, and swearing.
Game violence is not that bad.
Although, the sex is bad.
The problem is that even in the good games have some sexual people playing them.
Now about the swearing.
Though Roblox is trying to make the chat appropriate, some people find ways to swear.
One time, someone said F (username) to me just because I beat him in a game.
it's so unbelievably trash please don't even try getting into it first off, literally all the devs do is sit and watch as their community carry their platform through good games and ugc items meanwhile all that hardwork gets funded worse than a 9 year old with an allowance.
second of all, I played a game in which you could build structures and all and then at some point in the middle of the map spawns a giant tower with a bunch of images of real life decapitated bodies and por4grophy and even dead children.
PLEASE do not let your kids play this horribly maintained and unsafe game.
Its a good game i like it even though there are a bunch of annoying scammers in a lot of games that try to give you "free robux" but really just steal your account when you put in the information for it.
If any other kids read this DON'T FALL FOR THEIR SCAMS THEY WILL NOT GIVE YOU ROBUX THEY WILL STEAL YOUR ACCOUNT DON'T FALL FOR IT also scammers suck and they should stop trying to convince the kids on roblox to go to their website to get robux.
There are also a bunch of online daters who also suck because a kid could be thinking that they are online dating a girl/guy who are the same age as them, but really are like 50 years old.
That's just so unintelligent man.
Getting back to the subject of scammers, they suck and should get banned from existence.
In fact, scamming people for robux should be a crime that is punishable by 10000 years jail time with the worst of the worst of people in the jail, or at least have them pay 1000000000000000000 dollars.
i dislike tht they ban u when u cuss a child or some bc its not ur fault like listen to wht happen to me hey ban me right for 7 days when some random child came up to me n started on my case saying mean stuff so i could do nun but say some bk so then tht child report me bc how i was treating her like come on i dont got time to ban children u start ur stuff ima finish it by saying some bk dont go running n reporting me when u know u sarted ur drama
emos are disgusting make sure your child doesnt become one otherwise they would want to commit suicide.
the game is very fun but they make it worse every day adding bad updates and now it feels like they care more about money then anything else but good game i made many friends with it
This is one OBVIOUS red flag.
Kids go there about to steal someone's credit card.
Like some person got banned for saying "pog."
I don't know how that's a reason to get banned.
HECK SOMEONE EVEN GET BANNED FOR SAYING HI!
HOW IS THAT A GOOD REASON TO GET BANNED?!
And, there are child predators and people that are toxic.
People can also get hacked easily, but roblox moderation and support will refuse to investigate.
So the games are good, but not the whole entire platform is good.
Although, you have to watch the servers your kids are in, people can be very sexual and mean.
Overall this was my entire childhood and if your kid hasn’t played roblox, shame on you bro.
The internet has too many people in it to control, and the internet is horny all the time!
if you think you're child is too young for the internet he/she is too young for Roblox.
and yet I still play this dumb game.
The internet has too many people in it to control, and the internet is horny all the time!
if you think your child is too young for the internet he/she is too young for Roblox.
and yet I still play this dumb game.
can not change add would not recommend for game creators
While Roblox gives users an enjoyable atmosphere, it can also lead to many risks.
Therefore, you bear the risk of becoming a victim of cyberbullying, online harassment, and other crimes.I disagree with several people who believe Roblox is a fantastic free-to-play game because you have to spend a considerable amount of money to obtain exceptionally good items in a single game.
Another reason why I don’t recommend Roblox to anyone is the amount of scams and hacks there are going around Roblox.
In the Roblox community, the topic of free robux is frequently discussed, and each day, thousands of hackers promote harmful websites providing 'free robux.
'The most popular frauds include "Free robux generators" and YouTube profiles with the name "CLICK MY PROFILE FOR FREE ROBUX.
"The next time you see Roblox on your home page, DELETE IT!
Roblox can be a very enjoyable experience for you or a sad one, but whatever happens, whenever it is, there will always be hackers, exploiters, and scammers.
I disliked how it had very bad behavoir and it had a lot off things little kids should not see like cussing and boyfriend and girlfriend type of things and thats very bad for my kids.
LOL ARE YOU....WHY....WHY!......I GET BANNED FOR SAYING IM "XXX FAN DINGUS "Then oh baby i don't understand this?"
That makes no common logic Would you ban a person if you somebody said "IM A GOKU FAN" SOMEBODY SAID "L FAN GOKU" "THEN SOMEBODY SAID WE WILL ALL BE N WORD....
THE N WORD -_- he didn't ban im Just confused im just sharing my choice im not trying to be mean im just saying your game is fun i get it "I guess  i can't say XXX FAN DINGUS I MAY OF GOT HACK IT SAID IT WAS SEXUAL?
JUST SAYING that sounds dum to me.
IM not trying to be mean can you fix that please.
Not getting to angry i just cried because i got mad.
It sounds like rascit becuase they can say somebody WHO IS WHITE?
BUT NOT BLACK BLACK PEOPLE AREN'T always sexual.
AND THIS IS RIG NO.
JUST NO... NO LOGIC (thanks for reading)  at least it for one day.
justtttttttttttt,saying love your games it just weird im so nice and than i get banned.
this is to long so thats  it i'll prob just calm down tommorow.
roblox  you better add oof back on or i will never play again dont play this it got arid of oof
Parents need to kinda.chill all the s3x stuff is banned and Roblox even has parental controls now where you can monitor what your child does.
It feels like Roblox gets worse and worse, and soon it's gonna be UNPLAYABLE.
Ever since Roblox thought about making things more child-friendly, it all went completely downhill.
They are making the game look less appealing by using bad stuff like mobile-related ads and other things.
Roblox is no longer reading the reports from users, and they may ban you for reporting a bad user and saying, "You can't report users for NO REASON."
And the worst part?
Each account has an AI that tries to moderate things you post, leading to people's accounts getting DELETED FOR NO REASON!
This is terrible, since Roblox moderators themselves can't even take care of the app.
The only thing they do is make it WORSE.
Now, bad users aren't gonna get banned.
Well, it's probably not as bad as the laziness put into moderators of Roblox.
This mainly includes "tags," which censors anything bad.
But, the tags censor EVERYTHING.
It is annoying because when you have something important to say, no one can see it.
Then, it may end up like: "######".
You can't use anything  sexual.
Speaking of which, Roblox banned a LOT of YouTubers one time since they won't let you have "yt" in your username anymore.
This isn't a good idea either, since some kids will make their account on social media say that the user is over 18.
By the way, Roblox is meant to censor words, but they don't censor "bad***" or "re****".
Why didn't they think about it?
Please, Roblox, please don't do worse.
It feels like Roblox gets worse and worse, and soon it's gonna be UNPLAYABLE.
Ever since Roblox thought about making things more child-friendly, it all went completely downhill.
They are making the game look less appealing by using bad stuff like mobile-related ads and other things.
Roblox is no longer reading the reports from users, and they may ban you for reporting a bad user and saying, "You can't report users for NO REASON."
And the worst part?
Each account has an AI that tries to moderate things you post, leading to people's accounts getting DELETED FOR NO REASON!
This is terrible, since Roblox moderators themselves can't even take care of the app.
The only thing they do is make it WORSE.
Now, bad users aren't gonna get banned.
In fact, Roblox wants you to think THAT THEY MODERATED EVERYTHING THEMSELVES.
Well, it's probably not as bad as the laziness put into moderators of Roblox.
This mainly includes "tags," which censors anything bad.
But, the tags censor EVERYTHING.
It is annoying because when you have something important to say, no one can see it.
Then, it may end up like: "######".
You can't use anything  sexual.
Speaking of which, Roblox banned a LOT of YouTubers one time since they won't let you have "yt" in your username anymore.
And here's the worst part.
This isn't a good idea either, since some kids will make their account on social media say that the user is over 18.
So if this happens, childen are going to be seeing disgusting things like gory organs and extreme amounts of drinking or drugs.
By the way, Roblox is meant to censor words, but they don't censor "bada**" or the R word.
Why didn't they think about it?
Please, Roblox, please don't do worse.
So, why did they do all this in the first place?
Because David doesn't care about the community.
He just cares about the money.
Some say he made kid-friendly stuff because he's a pedophile, but I believe it's for more players, leading to more money.
All of it is for money.
In fact, most of the items on the shop by Roblox themselves is too expensive!
I have to pay literally 50 Robux to get a cheap hat.
Roblox is racist to Muslims and I know this because they never add Middle East servers and if you search up Arabic Countries in games (For Example: Saudi Arabia) You get games of terrorism and guns and violence.
FESTIVE IS FOR CHRISTMAS NOT ARABS.
Roblox added Indian servers but out of public demand and if I join them from my home country (Bahrain), they are such Bullcrap though they are the closest servers to my location and I am assuming this because they don't want Muslims to enjoy the game.
If I type Arabic words without ( ُ َ ِ  ), IT WILL GET TAGGED BY THEIR SH*T MODERATION!
I am slow in typing Arabic so this is a problem.
I forgot to mention that they have the worst moderation ever that they ban people for the most stupidest things ever but they don't ban the terrorism games or any toxic people.
Roblox may have Billions of Dollars but what they don't have is a brain or Geology.
They have bad security I had 2FA on (still do)
But I got hack and I understand that it could of been because something happened on there end but still other than that good game
There con games i hate them i even saw detailed parts
But i love making people cry on this game called Roblox Bedwars and i love using Vxpe V4 even though its discontinued 
But sometimes people ar weird in game
Even weel respect ones but its kinda fun tbhhh
💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀
So Many Pedo,Pervet,Naked Model,Toxic,Online Dater Person Is Here
Holy s**t the amount of predators on this website (that roblox knows about and haven't done anything) is f*cking... idk what to even say.
AND THE AMOUNT OF GODDAMN S*X, S*X RP AND NUDITY GAMES ARE LIKE BRUH.
The amount of bullying and hackers is too big, so many by-passed audios, clothings, faces, heads etc are enormeous, the amount of copyrighted material is kinda low tho.
But the issue is my father reset everything because he got a virus and I tried entering into my account with the right username and password but it won't let me in.
and entered the right email for my password and it still wouldn't let me in!
That isn't even the worst part about the reset!
My father and me spent robux on that account and l don't know what to do.
A lot of people say that there are a lot of swearing, sex stuff, and many more inappropriate things.
But chances are, either you are the problem, or the kid’s the problem.
Back when I first played ( age 5 ) I would play dumb games that were for sure for children.
Roblox will never, and I mean NEVER put anything bad on a recommended page, especially when you are playing Ryan’s Toys Review tycoons, or Dodgeball.
If your child puts anything bad on the search button, there’s a 99% chance that it will get tagged.
If you’re child is doing that, I don’t think you’re a good parent.
Or maybe you’re child is just a bad kid, in that case, just take away any electronics until he learns his lesson.
I swear some of these parents are stupider than their child.
Also, if there is a link that that lead them to something bad, just block the site.
Roblox Is A Great Game But Only Problem In This Game Is That There Are So Many Mean People So  If You See One Don't Blame It On Roblox He Didn't Create These Accounts And Roblox Isn't The Only One Who Can Create Games, When I Was 4 I Started Playing This Game And I Really Liked It But I Only Played Games With No Violence.
Roblox Is A Great Game But Only Problem In This Game Is That There Are So Many Mean People So  If You See One Don't Blame It On Roblox He Didn't Create These Accounts And Roblox Isn't The Only One Who Can Create Games, When I Was 4 I Started Playing This Game And I Really Liked It But I Only Played Games With No Violence.
It is easy to detect cheaters, but HELLISH to exile them.
Its hard for a game dev to see your report on a hacker, Meaning devs will have to manually insert a anticheat.
Roblox has many problems.
I know some people say Roblox moderation is bad, but I have never been falsely banned or seen the chat filter not work.
Pretty dumb and the games aren't that fun and most of them are nock offs for instance:Squid Game>Fish Game.
might be some racists and scammers but you can always just hit that report button!
Obby its over...but it didnt come robuxks?????
?i hTE THIS GAEM I WILL KILL YOU ALL DAVY BACKSTED WILL DEATH AND I LAUGHT AND SUE ROBLOCKS go DIE SoRRY NOT SORRY CAPs
The game is so poorly optimised for high end pcs and laptops, and the networking problem is so bad every server is based in the Us and singapore or something.
And roblox really has to optimised the game for high end pcs and laptops to get over 40 and 60 fps because i have a laptop with a RTX 3060 and a ryzen 7 5800H and i only get 40fps without charge and when on charge i only get somewhere around 80-100 fps this just shows how poorly optimised this game is!
The game is so poorly optimised for high end pcs and laptops, and the networking problem is so bad every server is based in the Us and singapore or something.
And roblox really has to optimised the game for high end pcs and laptops to get over 40 and 60 fps because i have a laptop with a 3060 and a ryzen 7 5800H and i only get 40fps without charge and when on charge i only get somewhere around 80-100 fps this just shows how poorly optimised this game is!
Groomers, minors, oders and people getting f***ed and ra**d or scammed
There are free robux scams which make you input your password (do NOT fall for these scams!)
People also usually get bullied for not having any robux, unfortunately this has been going on since around 2016 and has evolved to teenagers (or tweens) bullying kids on what they spend on their avatar.
These same people are known to OD (a.k.a online dating) which is against the rules on Roblox, however you may think moderation should be extremely good for a huge company like Roblox... well.. that's not the case.
A few months ago (July of 2022) there was a huge incident on Roblox called the Crosswoods incident, where people will get banned for a hack which made them say bad things on the roblox "chat" option.
But that's not the only example, this has been going on for very long.
For innapropriate content, it really depends on the game you play.
There are violent games like Arsenal, Jailbreak, etc.
Also, Roblox has a very strict (and inaccurate) chat filter and people can find away to get around these chat filters (putting symbols instead of letters).
Roblox also has something called "voice chat" where people can swear (which will possibly result in a voice chat ban), however it's only available for 13+ for obvious reasons (you also have to prove your ID).
Now you may think, why would such an inappropriate game be 9+?
Now there are alot more horror games then before and a lot more open to scams.
Roblox is a fun game, but I think 10 because there are lots of bad people on there all I do on there is roleplsh with other players I don’t like the idea of having a online friend my opinion just before you let your kid play the game talk to them about it there is also lots of online daters and they wear these inappropriate items on them sometimes they come up to you and ask to be my gf/bf it is really concerning for a kids game.. the game is fun to play when you are bored or a time waster i Reccomend 10 an
They can’t say bad words but they do say things that are similar, like ash/as or imao (using a capital I this looks just like the acronym for laughing my a- off).
I don’t think there’s anything Roblox does to make the platform inappropriate for kids, it’s just the people on it.
Roblox can’t really fix this indefinitely because there’s people trying to abuse things everywhere.
When players are shot or killed, it’s still very unrealistic and cartoonish.
The worst part of Roblox is definitely its consumerism.
Unfortunately, most things cost Robux.
Roblox is fun but the digital currency is advertised way too much, pressuring kids to have Robux and their parents to buy them.
it was better back then tbh, but you see a lot of 16-17+ people who bypass the swear filter and make bypassed shirts with slurs.
as much as I miss the old Roblox, it’s evolving, and so am I. take care of your semen demons and make sure they don’t become racist, homophobic weirdos.
I spent a lot of money in adopt me but now there is an update where people in belgium like me and people from the netherlands cant play adopt me anymore and i think that is really disrespecting and not fair for me and all the other people who spent money on that game
although i wouldn't let younger kids use it because there can be predators online that only older kids would be able to notice.
younger kids might get tricked or scammed.
another problem i have with Roblox is that it constantly crashes for no reason.
i hate some of this community SO much.
i never realized just how toxic is can be, considering my past with it i loved it back around 2018- early 2021 but now its just idiotic children thinking they can online date, tiktokers, and its overall a bad game if you're on a certain side of it.
the other side can be okay but it sometimes infects with the toxic and tiktok community and creates a complete mess.
dont bother getting your children robux either, no matter how much they beg dont spend your money on some on currency.
they do not need it.
A lot of people call this game very childish.
The new one looks a little weird.
Also, this isn't Roblox's fault much but CAN PEOPLE STOP BULLYING EVERYONE THEY SEE!?!?!
Every time I join a game, everyone finds at-least one reason to bully someone.
Even if they did nothing and/or it wasn't even their fault for anything done!
The app and games are amazing, but some of the people that play it are VERY rude and annoying.
You end up with a game whith scary creatures.
the chat filter is dogshit.
I cant say numbers nor words that are misspelt or words that are uncommon like Arleigh Burke.
And even with it beings so strict like that there are many bypasses to the filter such as "s*it" so its not even doing its job properly.
Needs to be fixed.
the chat filter is dogshit.
I cant say numbers nor words that are misspelt or words that are uncommon like "Arleigh Burke".
And even with it beings so strict like that there are many bypasses to the filter such as "s*it" so its not even doing its job properly.
Needs to be fixed.
this is where this game starts to become hell as* place.
More inappropriate as* stuff, more money-hungry games, more no efforts developers and etc.
I don't want to spend my time ranting about this game.
You lost your mind ever since he died.
Stop thinking about money and care about everyone playing this game
good games, great moderation, but early 2021 is where things went downhill for me.
Roblox has been making poor choices everyday, the moderation has gone downhill, and more Adult games have popped up.
I'm disappointed in roblox lately.
I like Roblox and I have been playing since I was 9, it is family friendly with a lot of moderation BUT it has a currency named "Robux" which makes me and other kids disappointed as we cannot buy robux and also it is really bad at servers cause servers get hacked and their are a lot of hackers and hacked games.
I love Roblox but there are problems
They say they "try" to get rid of the sexual content of the site but I don't think that's true.
to be honest they just really don't care.
If they can start caring about sexual content maybe this would be a 5-star.
but the fact that they have removed alot that was really fun like the fact we used to play music, its kinda ruined the game.
tbh roblox is getting boring, the whole site is in general.
Very bad teached me bad words like d*** and h*** and it also has many blood and drougs and six and you need to pay for robux
i enjoyed the game but i got banned for a dumb reason and couldnt get my account back.
To be honest parents should just monitor what that play then if something bad is there dont let them play it.
Yes roblix do have some innoppropriate stuff be there a rare change ur child will see it unless they're searching for it plus roblox usually banned stuff like that.
Yes roblox do have some innoppropriate stuff but its rare for ur child will see it unless they're searching for it plus roblox usually banned stuff like that.
global rating: ok so... people, mainly adults like in their 40's, dont know how the internet works.
theres swearing everywhere, your just limiting your kid to the stuff without swearing.
what about bullying they ask?
how is that appropriate to my child they migh ask?
to answer, well... its a problem, but we cant control their language.
well if you havent, your probs not smart.
because its dam everywhere.
also, "hacking roblox" isnt a thing.
also its called exploiting.
sure, they exploit in the game, but what about the actual roblox game?
because it only affects the game that they exploit in.
even tho theres a anti-cheat filter in place, they still bypass it because of the exploiter's software updates.
And the chat feature makes it a great platform for all kind of bad stuff.
Media and also regular people get really riled up about shooter games causing to much "violence" they should turn their attention to this game and take a look at what this as in it.
In summary, nothing against the game itself just against the predators taking advantage of the game, just be careful of the game and ask your kids if they see anything weird from time to time, ok?
I have made amazing memories and then got false terminated for account theft which is dumb
people who gave it one star don't know the true history of it.
parents who say this is a distraction are not really a distraction.
However, there are some game that are violent or some people that are just mean.
There are bound to be some inappropriate things online.
However, there are some game that are violent or some people that are just mean.
There are bound to be some inappropriate things online.
Of course there can be toxic players, but they can be reported and if they are bothering you can just leave and then join another server with other people on it.
They will spend all your money on this game.
The Bad: 
Overly strict under 13 chat filter.
Predators leading children offsite to 3rd party chat apps like Discord.
Poor moderation.
Too many scam bots.
Download of Roblox not supported on certain operating systems.
Too many people who bypass the chat filter.
False bans (often occur due to ban waves which are bans of thousands of accounts or items for a specific reason).
Too many exploiters and Roblox not giving developers proper resources to deal with them.
Roblox screwing over small developers and creators by taking 30 percent (A player buys a game pass and Roblox takes 30 percent of the profit).
Not listening to the community and what we want.
It's own form of a stock market in limiteds, which would be good but they don't teach kids how to use it wisely which results in scams.
dont Change but can you please ban Toxic people!
Condo games, OMLLLLLLL parents don't be worried about these games, its honestly so hard to find one and aint no kid gonna find one easily.
Lets be honest 7 year olds gonna be playing adopt me or something like that, I've only found one myself once and that's with help of a discord server, again..no 7 or 8 year olds have discord, at least they shouldn't.
these games also get banned within hours or even minutes.
However one thing, some players on Roblox are honestly so toxic and will say certain stuff that you probs wouldn't want your child reading since Roblox's chat filter is trash.
Last thing people are sexist, racist and homophobic, stuff like that,  it kinda sucks and this is the part I hate the most about Roblox.
IT WONT LET ME HAVE BLOXBURG BACK AFTER I GOT HACKED AND A HACKER HACKED ON MY ACCOUNT IN BLOXBURG TO GET ME BANNED( I HAD 900K!!!!!!!!!!!!)
NOT OKAY...
if your kids see inappropriate things in ROBLOX it's not ROBLOX fault and they have millions of accounts they already banned if they joined a s3x discord server or a group or game its theirs and yours fault you shouldn't be blaming ROBLOX for YOUR problems you should be telling your kids to not play this and play this instead  it's the community's fault, now put that to the side if you see your kid swearing that's their fault and also yours and if you see people swearing at your kid it's not ROBLOX's fault 
Although there are some bad things about this community such as bullies.
I understand that cyber bullying can Happen, but switching some settings can block players or you can go and change the settings so that your child cannot speak to anyone!
There are some scary games such as Rainbow friends, but really!
It’s about a blue monster which tries to kill you.
The decoration can be scary, but no blood is there.
I don't see why people find it wrong in such a game like Roblox!
sure there can be some bad people but there are many ways to stop this!
if you ever find a hacker in your game always
1.
DO NOT type in chat (it will only make a hacker target you more)
3. leave the game
Roblox can be seen as inappropriate and violent.
finding a good friend on Roblox and if you are a parent complaining about Roblox ruining their child, find out the problem and don't blame the Roblox moderators.
Getting banned on Roblox is a sad thing to see, I got banned once when I was younger.
it is sad, usually, it isn't even your fault!
2. if you don't want to get banned, usually saying stuff in chat can cause problems, which can be seen by hackers and scammers.
a bad thing about Roblox is auto-report.
it's a hack that makes kids angry and says some bad things like "fatherless" or "trash L" and then bans them.
Players on Roblox can be rude and mean, or just plain stupid.
to stay away from these people, don't go near people wearing all black.
usually, these people will bully you and you can't do anything about it.
I think it's great but the only I don't like is there can be bullies and there cold be couples on this app.
This game is pretty good but honestly wouldn’t recommend, some games are pretty dumb but pretty much anyone can do anything definitely not for kids under 11!
I hate this bc it was Very scary and bad game and then I saw this game he said he was a kid but then he said he would hack my account A lot of people Roblox goes down sometimes bc.
Of the hacking and now in 2022 The crossword thing  is banging people
Roadblocks itself is dangerous 

Promise 

Jk
But right now… it’s shit.
They removed a lot of popular features and are making the games worse.
There is some sexual content and violence but that’s all blockable.
The main reason I gave 3 stars is because they r remove a lot of its good features and literally no one agrees.
Roblox is turning shit right now.
but then it has its bad stuff, people making rude/inappropriate games, cuss at people, and have stuff like s*x, but the roblox team is trying 24/7 to make sure it’s a safe game, and a fun game.
So yeah Roblox can be bad, but it’s a good way to release you’re creativity.
infested with toddlers.
boring game, i rather go on qloob and have a chill chat with my zibabwean homies.
maybe even eastern european girls which are bad at holding their breath.
not a random toddler telling me abc for rodonkle tinkleter.
i have to give roblox only two stars they have really bad admins and content monitors they will call the most normal thing inappropriate and delete/ban your account for the most stupid thing and they never listen to there players at all its dumb i really hate them they also say no adult content but yet people make pp's and breasts so yeah two stars for you roblox!
you have to specifically search to find bad games, I say age 12 and up is good.
However, some people post inappropriate games.
Many people say that ROBLOX's moderation is bad but in fact it is only bad in the fact that that they randomly ban some users.
Some people don’t look at the games age rating, they just look at the games and assume some are inappropriate.
Besides none of the games are Roblox’s creations.
There is just Fantasy Violence.
I emailed Roblox and asked if I could have my age changed because it was wrong, they told me no.
"- how do they expect people to keep the correct age when they don't even allow it??
I asked them this and they said they can not give me any more info on this subject.
in other words they ignored me.
anyways, it does not make sense to me and they should really rethink how they do there support and age, because it really is horrible the way they do it.
You can get around moderation and say inappropriate things, and if you friend other players you can have private chats outside of a game, and that’s where a majority of grooming and stealing of personal info happens.
Good but there are slenders in this game If u don't know what a slender is I will explain.
They swear a lot and have inappropriate clothing on their character.
Younger kids were introduced, who obviously are incapable of contributing to the platform.
The experienced developers capitalized on the gullible ignorant kids, pumping out cliche meaningless pay to win tycoons, simulators, etc.
Even making blatant copies of popular titles.
For example, the very popular Piggy as mentioned by another reviewer as "demonic" is not even original!
Granny's popularity died in 2019.
An attempted clone of garry's mod.
Unfortunately, 2 years ago, I didn't have Garry's Mod.
Ray's mod was buggy, laggy and a far cry from the original garrymod.
But kids like me apparently not possessing 10 dollars to buy the real thing had to play the clone.
Ray's mod has "addons" that cost robux.
I have probably spent over 10 dollars on ray's mod addons, when I could have just bought the real game!
Additionally, the roblox moderation is dog poop.
They are almost impossible to find within roblox, as they're constantly deleted, later republished by bots.
Don't let roblox babysit your kids.
Teach them about predators.
The games have a filter which censors swears and inappropriate words.
(also certain games do use guns and other weapons and some games you kill other players etc.
OK THERE ARE SOME SCARY GAMES BUT JUST TELL YOUR KIDS DONT PLAY THE SCARY GAMES.
PIGGY IS OKAY FOR 3 YEAR OLDS JUST CUZ THERES A KILLER PIG NOT EVEN SCARY LOOKING WOTH A BAT WITH A TINY BIT OF BLOOD CHASING YOU DOESNT MEAN ITS SCARY ITS NOT TRUST ME 2ND OK THERE IS A LITTLE BIT OF MILD SWEAR WORDS CUZ THE PLAYS COME UP WITH WAYS 3RD YES THERE ARE BULLYS IN ROBLOX BUT WHO CARES WE ALL NO THEY JUST DONT REALLY KNOW HOW TO BEHAVE AND THEY CYBER BULLY EASY WAY TO SAY THIS THEY GOT NO LIFE.
JUST DONT PLAY ENTRY POINT ALR YOU TRIED IT OUT AND YOU LITTERRLY KNOCK OUT PEOPLE PUT THEN IN TRASH BAGS AND THROW EM IN TRASH DONT PLAY ENTRY POINT BUT OTHER THAN THAT ROBLOX IS GREAT AND NO INAPPROPRIATE STUFF
personally, i think that roblox is overrated.
it has potential, being able to play games other people created and for yourself to create games, but the vast majority of people that like it are children and they just get annoying and naive (its not roblox's fault tho so yeah)
roblox also doesnt moderate stuff well at all.
in a lot of servers ive seen people get cyberbullied by random people for no reason, and my friend got banned for having a pride flag in their avatar during pride month.
i think roblox should at least check if somebody who got reported actually did something against the guidelines, although that could be difficult for such a big app.
i mean roblox isnt bad, its just the terrible moderation and some content on it.
if u hate roblos
and u think its garbish
and childitch
then get off me 🅱️age
becuz all u gonna see here
is roblos
if u hate roblos
and u think its garbish
and childitch
then get off me BAGE
becuz all u gonna see here
is roblos
Okay, parents have said a lot of crazy things over the years, but Roblox being harmful is definitely the most absurd thing I've heard so far.
The only thing that harms anybody is the insane consumerism, and how actually creating a game is solely based on luck in its own nature.
The games are harmless (just don't play Phantom Forces, play Arsenal, don't play Gladiators, and well..there's not much else to say.)
But if you don't let your child play Arsenal or any other popular Roblox game (Tower of Hell, Murder Mystery, Sonic Speed Simulator, but I don't think any parent's gonna stop their child from playing that one) then you shouldn't be on Roblox in general.
Another complaint I have is how Roblox's system is rigged.
They will probably ban you for saying random words, but don't ban slenders or ODers (oh god, both of those people are just edgy weirdos and get away with everything, get to work Roblox employees.)
The community sucks now, and Roblox isn't what it used to be.
But that being said, I only use it much now for developing games instead of playing them; Roblox is getting older and more boring as I get older, which makes it perfect for young children.
Also roblox tags out swears and bad words.
Violence: anywhere from 8+ to 13+

Language: none

Suggestive themes: anywhere from G rated to 16+ 

Overall rating: 9+
Kids can find games that could scare them or people that might scam them.
An 8 year old would probably know better than to do that.
I find some of these parent reviews way past the word dramatic that sound like those rich boy mothers in movies.
Sometimes during livestreams, yes a wrong word gets blurted out.
Why parents, why can't you see that?
They both use rude humor and sarcasm, never swear words.
Flamingo does have some content that may be inappropriate, but not often.
Both of them use "bad" words or phrases like stupid, shut up, and die.
Roblox tries its best to block any way from swearing or being inappropriate.
Do not recommend this game to anyone younger than 10.
This game has a lot of inappropriate references in it and children should not be playing online and chatting with others.
Of course there are parental controls but they don’t even work.
I mean this game is P2W, swearing and not that much educatoinal value.
Whenever I play parkour games every 3 levels something pops om my screen and says "buy this item to increase the chances of making that jump" or something simular or when i die 2 times on an level it says, pay 320 robux to skip this level.
It has too much swaering too like, in a game called arsenal I finished of somebody and they spammed F*** U in the chat.
And it HAS ZERO EDUCATOINAL VALUE.
It teaches you nothing.
Its just that there`s too many oders scammers and I keep getting bullied :/ and got one of my accounts hacked so yeah that why three :)
There have recently been a lot of online d8ing, but Roblox is trying to stop it.
Brookhaven had two online d8rs a few months ago, but both go banned.
There is honestly not much things bad on this game, I mean it was designed for kids what would you expect.
However, the moderation is horrible, the chat filters will filter out numbers but will fail to detect bypassed obscenities, and you can almost always get banned with no warning if you haven't spent money on Roblox.
If anyone wants to know what games are good and which are bad, avoid ones with big controversies as they are likely to have an equally distasteful community.
Roblox is a coinflip on if it's good or bad.
If you don't like it, that's ok, you can just never play again.
I love this game, but there is some really inappropriate content on there but it can be fixed by parental controls which stops the child from playing inappropriate games.
It is kid friendly, those who hate it are not good, because it is 3D scratch
trash game with no skill needed lots of child predators over the years.
much better games out there don't waste your money or your time on this game.
I can't recommend this game to anyone.
Too much Sex in roblox.
I really was disappointed in it i saw very creepy things like poppy’s playtime and people scammed me a lot in trades let your kid have it and they will never tell you anything about what they saw so do not downlowd!
The moderation sucks, I got my account deleted for saying "gay" and the others dont even get banned for saying bad words.
I was talking to a child preator 😭😭😭😭 and I’m scared to make new friends
ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING, MY LITTLE CHILD JARED WAS PLAYING "ADOPT ME" AND SOME HEATHEN SAID "F*ORK THE IRS".
AS A TAX COLLECTOR I FOUND TIS ABSOLUTELY ABHORRENT.
I CANNOT BELIEVE ROBLOX WOULD ALLOW SUCH HOOLIGANS ON THEIR PLATFORM.
DO NOT ALLOW YOUR UNCORRUPTED CHRISTIAN YOUTH ON THIS SATANIC PLATFORM.
it has mid realistic blood decal like how you kill enemy with any gun then it splash blood to wall or on floor.
But now shutdowns are literally every week!
And roblox gets sued and roblox is so dry and there vents are trash now.
Roblox is falling apart.
First off, parents that complain about "condo games" have never played the game themselves.
Even if a condo game does get uploaded it gets taken down in under an hour.
There are, but they aren't the best.
They block games that don't even have anything inappropriate like "Super Golf."
These are the bullies of roblox.
To avoid them I recommend not letting your kids get TikTok if they have roblox because these people make cringey TikTok's and you and your kids should steer clear from them.
Another problem is the really horrible moderation.
If your kids get their account deleted for "inappropriate content" then do not punish them, because roblox has garbage moderation.
This, unfortunately, is the only problem that the community cannot fix.
This is roblox's problem and they should really be focusing on moderation instead of rthro packages that the community doesn't like.
Parents clearly think Roblox is a bad game, but how would they know if they never played it before.
Most games are made by exploiters and 2-3 days they will be deleted so Roblox is a kid-free zone for us to have fun.
it's fun but really not good for kids it has scary places to visit and stuff
some kid on roblox what batman and said VENGANCE ofc i'm the riddler and i said riddle me this batman why did you parents leave bat man said cause they died and me the riddler said shut up no one cares about your dead ass family they also died cause they hate you kys do u get the riddle then ofc he said..... im reporting you and i said shut up you have no parents you only have a butler and hes dead from me lol kys or let me do it for you your to smart just kys then he said yea im reporting you for sexual ab
First of all, Roblox's moderation is terrible.
They ban innocent people and keep the guilty ones.
You can't say "gay" without getting banned.
There's always online dating going on and is about as toxic as a wasteland.
Second of all, Roblox has terrible servers.
Every time they do, they don't let you play games at all.
Lastly, the games just seem boring.
Most of them is just you doing things over and over again, roleplaying games are bad and contain online dating, and don't even get me started on the scam ads/games.
Sexual Content - CON
Roblox has tried their very BEST to stop sexual stuff throughout the game.
Moderators have caught predators and even kids engaging in this.
Games that involve parties, clubs, gambling and anything that would involve this in reality, DONT LET THEM PLAY.
It adds fun ways to learn, but there are still games that are not meant for education.
Violence - CON
Games like Arsenal, Murder Mystery, Horror Story Games, and more all involve violence.
In Murder Mystery, one anonymous player is equipped with a knife, and their job is to murder everyone.
Horror Movie Games have blood, jumpscares, and everything you'd expect.
keeps breaking down,  updating and deleting its good features 
I used to play this in 2018 and it was really but when i went back I just quit
its kinda messed up because of how much it breaks down.
a lot of games on roblox contain pay to win games, meaning that its really hard to play a game without spending hundreds of dollars.
roblox's moderation is even worse since they let games with inappropriate content including images, models, or music that contains swear words.
underage kids peform inappropriate actions in these weird games.
kreeak craft sucks and shaosdyld die today llolololololololol hhahahahah hsudhasid sadh asud hsaiud asd as dsa
It's a great game but there's a lot of online daters and they always say something that refers to SEX like...... BRUH what the fcking hell?!
Boys try and ask me out but I am not an online Dater bc it's GROSS 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮There's also a lot of swearing but I like it
Also the moderation sucks and people get banned for no reason.
There is also violence, s*x, swearing, and drugs.
i got banned for saying "hello my name is xXepikgamer_69Xx

dill pickle pop tarts are amazinggg

joe mama
I think roblox is a good game but is miss understood theres more than millions of game and roblox can,t mod them all so you will see bad games there and there.
My little bro plays this and he was playing brook haven and in the chat these people were pretending to make out I am like wtf leave that game to my lil bro and he said why and I said uhh people are wrestling and I don’t want u to learn to wrestle and then he left the game…my advice is don’t play role playing games.
Do not play roblox right now because the sever are down and the game is awful and if you join a game it just close my app kids and parents please don't play this awful game it's not worth playing it.
Roblox is down kreekcraft pls send bobux
it makes your brain mushy and not smart, do not play or you turn int a addict
because creek is not good YouTube, and Denise and filming, Greek is racist
I hate this bc someone named kreekcraft has a stream and shows bad pictures
Not a enough swearing or sex or violence it is too child friendly they will ban  anything with a little bit of blood or even having a knife they need to take a chill pill
i really like it but when i had to update it i couldn't and had to delete the game
i really like it but when i had to update it i couldn't and had to delete the game also if some one swears it just turns in to hashtags
With the rise of hacker and bad admins lets porn get into this website.
There have been sexual predators on the website and not banned unless it affects their stock.
So, in conclusion i think you should not let your kids play this because this website has been falling apart since 2017.
Roblox has just will keep going so low so they can keep getting money out of you.
My son was roleplaying batman on a superhero gam an he en ill kids just like anikan skywalker from star wars revenge of the sith except my son is not a sith he has a bad temper and is always hitting his mom do not recomen this game your child will also forget how to eat- The Ridler
I love this game, but there is too much online dating, toxic players, scammers, and hackers.
The chat feature is something you might want to be weary of since you can chat with strangers, but that can be disabled.
If you aren't careful, the charges can get high.
However, please take into account certain inappropriate games bypass the terms and conditions of Roblox (s*x games, etc) and I believe only a few of these games are left up which Roblox are trying to remove.
Also, there are scammers (people who want your pass), racists which I have met on several occasions, predators and online daters.
So if your child wants this game, I would avoid letting them play if they are under the age of 9 or 10 because there are inappropriate things out there.
You can play those games and in some games there are guns, swords and violence!
There are horror games and some inappropriate games in the platform.
Another thing are the inappropriate usernames.
You can manually block them but it will take a long time to do that for all the inappropriate Roblox usernames.
There are horror games and some inappropriate games in the platform.
Another thing are the inappropriate usernames.
You can manually block them but it will take a long time to do that for all the inappropriate Roblox usernames.
Getting bullied isn’t common, and even if someone decided to be mean, just be the better person and leave.
There are a few games that have a little violence, and if that’s a problem, just don’t let your kids play those games.
It’s chat tags or removes anything unnecessary, and even some things that are perfectly safe.
THEY STOLE MY DOG AND GERBIL
it honestly pissed me and my friends of abt this we cant even say a normal sentence without it tagging and its annoying.
on some games people have the privilege to cuss when they have the mic, i still dont understand and people get banned for bullying which we have no intentions for, were just normal people looking to speak the way weve always had without it seeming like we have save chat again.
it honestly pissed me and my friends off abt this we cant even say a normal sentence without it tagging and its annoying.
on some games people have the privilege to cuss when they have the mic, i still dont understand and people get banned for bullying which we have no intentions for, were just normal people looking to speak the way weve always had without it seeming like we have safe chat again.
Fun and entertaining game, I still don’t know why there are people in the ratings saying that this game contains use of drugs, even though it’s a literal “Lego” based game, there is nothing wrong with a little bit of violence or toxicity
This game is real fun.But today I was playing a game called Bedwars and I got ban 3 days because during Bedwars I am real good at it so the players I killed reported me for hacking and sexual content.So I give it a 3 star for a fun game but...If a person gets good at a game.They might be ban for 3 days for being good.So a conplaint to the Roblox creator.I was ban for being a pro.
And i was reported for hcaking and sexual content?
im confused why I was ban for Sexual content.Thats dumb and I have to wait 3 days because iI am good at that game!
To all the parents saying “my little Richard found all these sexual games!!
!” Your child is purposely playing them, really it’s hard to find those types of games, instead of writing your review on what your child has said maybe get some common sense and play it yourself.
For the predators/p€d0$ If your child encounters one, report them and leave the game, the reports won’t work really but don’t blame Roblox for it, they do a lot to stop them, you think they can just press a stop button and all the bad players will just go away, I don’t think so, there is more than 100M people on Roblox.
I may be a bit harsh in this review but parents need to realise this, btw the only games that let you cuss is games that say it in the title, the worst  swear word in a default Roblox game is dang.
Parents who have made a bad review I hope you learnt something from this
Game has guts, blood and gore.
Really bloody game sometimes.
Also ive pretty much never seen a slender.
The servers are RARELY so unstable that the website is COMPLETILY shhutdown.
So yeah blood, guts, gore, toxic slenders, and best youtubers.
(Your son/daughter might kill you tho lol)
not to forget about russian roulette
Litterally you cant even say numbers when youre under 13 by you can obviously say &/it (instead of shit) just fine.
You cant even say things like shut up or damn.
Also stay away from the game meepcity all there is in it is Some copy and pastes and generic cookie cutter moms and stupid cringey babies doing rps
Don't let your children play this game, PLEASE.
Even with moderation it will try to manipulate you.
Not to mention the games have no educational value (and really no value at all, many are pay to win.)
It's really hard to rank this website/game because of its countless game modes (also call by Roblox experiences).
A lot of blood, but no language.
Just No.
Please don't make me rank this.
A lot of blood.
The people playing make it bad, though, they suck!
There is no violence, it's just a lego character falling apart and the bullies, online daters, sexual stuff, and other adult content isn't as easy to find as these whiny parents think.
Parents stop saying its iffy because its better than facebook poo poo heads
Best game Its For kids sadly parental controls ruined that game
Some games have a reputation for having nicer players and some have a reputation for having a more toxic and rude community.
Roblox does have a moderation but it's very bad.
It usually censors things that don't need to be censored and many people who swear find a way to get around the censor or use other words or just letters to get around it.
You can also have it so you don't see other people's chats but it takes a lot of the fun away.
They also have it so if you set your age under 13 you have more censored chat and some words aren't censored.
Although if you do set your age under 13 it makes it pretty hard to communicate.
For Roblox Support it's not very good and they don't help that much.
Roblox false bans a lot of people and gives false warnings.
Saying off-site apps is against Roblox's rules.
But, many people have been having the same issue with warnings and bans that shouldn't be given.
About games being a bad influence and stuff it's not too bad unless you think that playing Murder Mystery 2 will make kids be influenced to be a murderer for example.
But, if you don't want your friends to join your games you can easily go to settings and click an option to make it so nobody can join you.
Sadly you do have to pay 10 Robux per shirt you put on sale.
Although Roblox players do tend to swear on it sometimes and say bad stuff so this is why you have to be over 13 and have an ID.
Also, you can never get to play Roblox as Roblox is making it so it has games for all age groups for example I know many people who are 20 or older who play Roblox many being Youtubers, and Influences.
Some games have a reputation for having nicer players and some have a reputation for having a more toxic and rude community.
Roblox does have a moderation but it's very bad.
It usually censors things that don't need to be censored and many people who swear find a way to get around the censor or use other words or just letters to get around it.
You can also have it so you don't see other people's chats but it takes a lot of the fun away.
They also have it so if you set your age under 13 you have more censored chat and some words aren't censored.
Although if you do set your age under 13 it makes it pretty hard to communicate as Roblox 

For Roblox Support it's not very good and they don't help that much.
The false ban a lot of people and give false warnings.
I have only been given a warning once for saying a "Discord" which is an offsite app that is against Roblox's rules.
But, many people have been having the same issue with warnings and bans that shouldn't be given.
About games being a bad influence and stuff it's not too bad unless you think that playing Murder Mystery 2 will make kids be influenced to be a murderer for example.
But, if you don't want your friends to join your games you can easily go to settings and click an option to make it so nobody can join you.
Although Roblox players do tend to swear on it sometimes and say bad stuff so this is why you have to be over 13 and have an ID.
Now roblox needs to fix this problem, its 𝐑𝐚𝐜𝐢𝐬𝐭 , eg: N^^^^A it should tag, even tho u get banned 𝑻𝑨𝑮 It!!
There is a shop with items that can cost up to thousands of USD, but it can easily be blocked by parental controls.
I think this game is horrible.
You should not play it.
It filters bad language in chat and no sex
It has some very disappointing games.
There are only about 2 or 3 decent games in roblox.
I feel like Roblox is only getting worser.
Its not fun how it used to be.
And no its not because I grew few years older since I started playing it but the overall quality went drastically down.
Pointless updates, moderation sucks, events are boring and so much more.
I really had problem with age rating the game.
But the darkside of Roblox is the fault moderation itself.
People dont get punishments they deserve and most of the time people get away with bypassing swear words including N word.
Voice chat for 13+ is another story and can most of the time you hear someone either moaning into the mic, earrape or swear as much they can.
Another moderational fault are sex  games.
Most of them last for only like 5 minutes.
Roblox is good and everything it just there is voice chat and kids say bad word and sussy stuff.
There are some inappropriate games on the platform.
So you need to make sure your kids dont buy it without permission because Roblox does not do refunds.
Scammers are a problem aswell beacause they trick kids into wanting free robux and then take there account.
Some inappropriate games pop up but usually are taken off the site.
Some pedophiles lurk on the site so make sure that to monitor your kids activity on the site.
Now the game Roblox is just one big giant mess.
Now this is where it gets bad.
But now in 2022 the games are made by people now people have made a lot of crappy games on this site.
And Roblox is an online game with people in it and people can be creeps and I have encountered some and there is also a chat system (which can be turned off) but it is easy to turn it back on.
Now there is very innapropriate games on this site so better look out for those.
There is also very bad monetization for example back in the summer of 2021 you get banned for saying "Gay" Like you can't make this stuff up with this game.
And there is also a paid currency called "Robux" For kids to beg their parents so they can buy stupid gadgets.
Except there are some downsides.
There's people out there making "condo" games which are games that people make with sexual content such as nude morphs and sexual animations and the safe chat which blocks any bad language, has been turned off.
Luckily these games don't last long and are blocked by roblox very quickly.
Speaking of the safe chat,

The safe chat sometimes gets very out of hand.
Also the moderation is really bad in this game.
The reporting feature used to report players and games doesn't even work at all.
One time I was playing roblox and somebody was using racial slurs and homophobic terms, so I reported them.
But then an hour later my account was shut down for a day instead for no reason instead of the person using bad language being shut down.
Roblox also allows racists to play apparently.
Also, I was playing another game and people were saying sexist things about women, and also 5 of the players there teamed up to form a racist word by each saying a letter or a part of the word to bypass the safe chat.
The community is also very toxic and rude.
Also there are entire parts of roblox that are cut off from people that havent bought the premium subscribtion.
One of their explanations for this was "We dont allow our community to use YouTube."
I could go on and on about the bad things.
Yet, it still has its pitfalls
they ruined the game and straight up gonna remove all audio that us creators made and forces us to use some ass caveman music
it's okay but i hate the slenders and weird uwu people
);  this is sacrilegious!
But there have been cases of players swearing in the chat and making innuendos, and some experiences are inappropriate, and there also are cases of people using this to date.
This game is not for kids because THERE IS ALOT OF BAD THINGS GOING ON LIKE A 6 YEARS OLD DATING.
I mean definitely not   
For kids under the age of twelve 
Most of the games are fun/ok 
But there are some really bad things on there you should only let your children play on this game if you can trust them
There is also a chat bar your kid should not use there’s lots of swearing
Ok, I used to play Roblox  a lot and today Roblox isn't really the app for kids.
And there are chances of hackers and scammers adopt me and trading games but there is also chatting platforms on your private chatting on profile with your online friends with other players and also chat settings in-game there are parental settings to turn it off or leave it on, chat with friends only or chat with no one that means no private chatting but you still can have friends you just can't chat them.
And you cannot swear on it or  say certain words it will end up like this your whole sentence ********.
If you don't trust your kid about what they play, turn on the parent settings.
If you've ever played adopt me or known someone who has, scammers.
People may be doing cross trading in adopt, more scammers.
Anyways, sorry for this long lecture about the games and the people in it.
So I was babysitting someone and they said they were playing a game so I went to see and I saw this Peppy Piggy game and the person I was babysitting had a seizure and went to the hospital
Roblox has some problems ,the problems are that there are some online daters(if seen report them)and bullies as the new people get called noobs(if seen or heard block and report).A good part is that roblox is fixing these problems and you can help adults by supervising and this game is good and popular as they can have online play dates with children they know and don’t know,there are also adults in the game so if someone asks your personal information please report and block.There also un kid friendly game
This platform does have a few bad things on it, but to find them you'd have to search for it.
There's a chat filter too that filters out bad stuff in chat.
Some games are scary, like Granny or Fnaf.
So...
1. there is no gore
2. swearing is filtered like this "#### you!"
I have never seen anything mature
4. numbers are also filtered
5. there is parental controls
6. don't blame roblox for your problems
7. black lives matter and its ok to be LGBTQ+
8. just don't get it if you refuse to believe all of the above
That is all now stop being a karen and let your kids play
its good but like if you wanna give your child acess to voice chat roblox is going to be an 18+ game its gonna revert back to its old ways again and i dont think thats good dont let your kids play this
Info:

getting hacked: 5/13 rare but also common
seeing slenders (sexy stuff, bad): 8/12 common in meep city parties, beware.
how boring: 4 out of 10, gets more anfd more boring every day
Swearing can be bypassed, uh oh!
just bad innapropit dont play
He exposed the amount of pedophiles on the platform and they unbanned the one that he explicitly exposed for being one.
Second:
Roblox steals money from young developers.
They take a massive cut and try to incentivise you to spend all of it on items, and you can only exchange it when you save up 10,000 robux, which most kids don’t have any self-control for.
Look, some people think Roblox is seriously a bad game for kids.
You can avoid games with sexual content in them, they're very hard to find anyways.
The only thing to the bad side is virtual currency.
There are also some very mean people on there, but you can block games, and you should always monitor your child.
If they come to you crying over a dumb kid calling him names and rude things, it's your fault for not monitoring them.
i love the game but the people that are blocking my computer  will not let me get it at all.
TOXIC SLENDERS.
They are just kids who do sex with other people and try to get girlfriends.
They also post on TikTok and make disgusting content.
And she has had a lotta bfs..(boyfriends)... and, any boy who broke up with her... She finds their address.. and kill them.. make sure to change your avatar to a boy, i've seen vids on yt of them talking bout it.
They are pretty disgusting.
They are just like slenders, but worst.
they do disgusting roblox heat things, like, SHEESH... people are trying to catch them and  share them on youtube, which might make them be banned.
Toxic CNPS.
they are the same as slenders, but they keep saying mic up XD.If you ever run into a slender, just throw some really mean comments lmao.
Now, the tags for the safe chat is annoying.
The toxic bacons hate slenders, the niceish ones i think.
so im 20, ive voice chet, but i hear swers liek f*ck and sh*t and retard, also if u donut have vc ur good but for littel kids who arenut badass gamer they have prifacy isues if they didnut put ther age to uner 13, liek 5 yr olds, they shouldnut be expose to bad word
Roblox is a online game and if your one of those parents who doesn't want your kid talking with people online then listen to this.
Roblox has a reputation for constant game breaking problems that completely ruin the experience.
The 'expert' review is completely wrong, i have never seen any violence or sex references that would scar a child nevermind even affect them.
Roblox makes it very easy for a child to get tempted and spend $199 on a single hat or cosmetic item, that in the end is a scam.
Roblox creates the illusion of being safe, but in actuality it is like dumping a child on Facebook or Twitter.
the closest thing to violence in singleplayer is fighting (pixelated and not even graphical) zombies or skeletons, and maybe accidentally falling in pixelated lava in the pixelated nether.
This game banned for fake adult content.
and then i got banned for a fake innapropriate image?
Roblox needs to fix their problems with the fake bans
I used to play Roblox but i kept seeing people bypass words such as the f word.
Some people also hacked games and made very scary stuff such as a head popping out of nowhere.
Too much swearing in it.
and killing.
But when you die you fall into blocks.
There are cyber bully's, but you can block people and report them too.
Also something you should know is that Nike and other people have games that try to make you buy stuff.
my friend was playing condo game and he had big dick and girl on bed and he humping her and it was really disgusting so i unfriend him and blocked him and reported him for being disgusting
i hate roblox its changed to a mor negative, sexual, and hateful community.
but, there is a lot of hackers, trollers and not good stuff.
I think its 9+ because those who get abused online most, is the children aged under 9.
And DO NOT let your child have voice chat.
I have heard older players saying mean words.
Roblox is a good game but there’s other problems about it people bullly eachother from time to time and people call eachother noobs and say the the L (Take the loss) and be very mean problem is that there’s so many fun and games has blood in lots of gore in some games but there’s not many other games are scams and “robux” which some sites say there “free” (which there not) and the “kid” will put in there username and password then a hacker will take over there account.
But there are other games like Adopt me which you can get naked and pretend to be a kid parent it’s crazy just stay away from that game o the platform but I’ve lost multiple friends from thos game SO PLAY AT YOUR OWN RISK, People can swear and other kids can see it but most of the time it’s hashtagged but people have found ways to bypass so monitor your kids and put chat controls on
the game could be dangerous and some players can lure younger kids into  getting free in game currency known as "Robux", even though it's around 15 bucks.
as a kid who rarely gets robux, the game gets boring without it.
again about the robux, roblox CAN delete items you bought due to copyright.
for example, a sonic the hedgehog shirt could get deleted due to SEGA.
The Support team not helping to verify age.
some games contains blood or violence.
The chat blocks out pretty much anything even remotely bad or threatening.
Violence: You can get a gun and shoot people.
Some maps are programmed as survival to the death kinda game.
The strip clubs were taken down, but the bypassed clothing remains an issue.
I have seen multiple people wearing multiple layered shirts which include text such as “I love cock” “I love pussy” “Fuck you” “School shooter” “I like rape” and much more.
This instantly poses risks for younger children playing the game, exposing them to swearing and sexual content.
It is more or less fine for older tweens/teens as they will already know that language, however it still ruins the game.
Like many things today, Roblox has been ruined by platforms such as tik tok and other platforms that make roblox “toxic” by giving kids a place to learn ways to bypass clothing moderation and turn roblox into a host for sexual content.
This was back in 2013 when the game was not popular and therefore, didn't have much to exploit.
Within my time on roblox, I've seen multiple sex games and multiple kids getting scammed out of roblox.
this game sucks how is it 18+
Hey roblox if you read just know that your games are a piece of trash the only that’s fun on there is football fusion I got banned for only a typo I was try to say there’s a hacker but a typo made hey into gey
Users notorious for doing sexual things.
Roblox Is Very Mildish Violent with gore i rate it 10 because Mr Funny Ms Anni tron are scary if you under 10 i dont really recommend play it meh But still great game
This game removed a obby feature that was 7 years old.
Ruined the fun in obby games and made some impossible.
The filtering system is also bad, it filters numbers and some words that aren't every bad to say (e.g.
There's also a lot of cheaters and most games don't even have basic anti-cheats.
Games like Arsenal and Westbound are harder to get a hang of and are based around light violence and crime, but they have no blood or gore.
Da Hood is inappropriate in every way possible.
Military roleplay games are just plain unenjoyable for kids because most kids don't have much knowledge on the things in those games, you have to have near perfect grammar, and there is no actual "game" or motive, it's just roleplay.
SO IF ANYONE THINK THAT SEX IS IN THIS GAME, ITS NOT
However, once I saw my 9 year old sister who was about 7 at the time playing these kinds of games that were called "scented cons" sure there are a few games like these that have inappropriate things but Roblox has made sure you can't find them.
8 year olds shouldn't really know a lot about that anyways unless they have a curious mature mind.
Roblox is suitable for Kids under 10 perfect ly but if you get into the dark side of the community theres bypassed shirts with racist signs and more.
Roblox discord is worse ive heard people being doxxed over roblox before (doxxing means that someone steals ALL your personal info and leaks it online like: your adress, the school you go to, even your credit card info and pictures of yourself) so if you watch who your kid talks to then it will be fine.
(Also sorry if i made typos im typing this on phone and im not natively english)
In my opinion this game is actually pretty good and child friendly but there can be predators on there because they can probably groom children’s and probably ask to go to discord which is not good for the kid if they are under 13 to go to discord but you can actually contact Roblox support to report the predator.
and not to mention to dress your avatar you have to also pay robux to dress your avatar up and buy accessories in the avatar shop Which can’t be good for parents if they don’t have enough money to buy Robux and the moderation on Roblox Is a little bit bad because when you say the word “gay” on a game in chat and someone reports you you would get a 7 day ban or an account deletion which I find it messed up.
You can barley say much bad things.
Kids might say that Roblox has mild violence and games are good, but the truth is much darker.
Roblox offers a platform with bad games.Some people will say don’t Blame roblox blame the creators.
But roblox does absolutely nothing to root out the disgusting and inappropriate games.
Also some people will say that parents can put restrictions on games, but that is are extremely hard and your kids would have to go into the game first and expose themselves to such disgusting content.
This disgusting content is killing other people in games, jumping off cliffs to kill yourself and getting in game money for it, blowing up buildings and getting points for it.
So you see that roblox can really confuse your childs mind .
And after all that people will say blame the creators, but who gave them the space to do these horrible things, ROBLOX !
Roblox gave them a space and doesn’t care what your child looks at and doesn’t root out these disgusting games.
That’s why you should not let your child play roblox till these issues are resolved.
Like any other game, it has its amount of some toxic players and explicit games, but the pros far outweigh the cons.
Roblox has very little gory content.
Some people do some things that are not for 8 year olds
in roblox can't say anything because it think anything and everything could be making out a swear or bullying some one.
most roblox games have too much pop ups/ads for a power up or something that you can only buy with real money and there's gambling in the game.
SO PLEASE KIDS, DO NOT SEND PERSONAL INFOMATION.
Consumerism

If you don't know what it means, it means money.
The messages 

The messages are great but also toxic.
I used to get over 30 TOXIC MESSAGES AS A KID.
The moderation is shit, bet they don't even read the reports I sent.
Now, the last thing:

Violence.
The amount of violence on here.
Wouldn't recommend it.
If you want to look for a game with violence, play KAT or Arsenal.
It can be pretty toxic and unfriendly at times, and some games can highly frustrate the user based on who is in said server.
however, sometimes the community ruins it.
lastly, younger kids can sometimes make the playing experience unenjoyable for other players, so think twice before letting your little toddler create an account.
Roblox is downright SHADY.
It is a platform that takes advantage of children and child labor, as well as encourage children to gamble for cosmetic items, all to make Roblox more money.
Keep your children off this website, do not support its appalling buisness practices.
Most of it however, is community mad.
So if anything bad dose come from it, it will be moderated and age ratings can be applied.
Parents think it's not kid friendly but they're just dumb.
IT WONT LOAD FOR A WEEK STUPID GAME I CANT Play
The problem is the community.
Many players have negative intentions, creating violent games, uploading bypassed music and putting inappropriate images inside of their games.
Others can be pedophiles, scammers or downright bad people.
The biggest problem with all of this is Roblox itself, constant website, server, gameplay disruption, this isn't because of the games in Roblox its  just Roblox itself.
Roblox is a big company that is world wide now it shouldn't be messing up this much.
Roblox needs to just fix all the bugs in Roblox.
Its very disappointing to see games that people make a living off of not be available to play because of Roblox, and then Roblox not really completely fixing it.
It's impossible to generalize on these games.
You usually have to go out of your way to find inappropriate worlds, and there are some standalone situations in which someone is exposed to inappropriate content.
There are some assholes on this platform.
Roblox tends to swiftly tackle games in violation of their child-friendly rules.
I have been on Roblox multiple times, but the experience wasn't the best on some occasions.
There are too many toxic players in popular games (MeepCity for example).
There are people sending sexually explicit messages in the chat, and sexual roleplays.
There are even inappropriate outfits including pasties, lingerie, underwear, realistic breasts and other private body parts, or just making the avatar completely naked.
Another thing that bothers me is the bullying.
It's impossible to say anything without getting bullied by some random stranger you hardly know about.
And it's not just verbal either, some players go as far as to glitch your character in the ground or wall, or fling you around.
That brings me to another thing known as hackers and exploiters (people who download scripts from other websites to torment other players in game).
None of these people are getting banned or punished for it.
Speaking of which, the moderation is dog sh*t because nothing bad about the website is getting taken care of.
Games, players, accessories, and messages that violate the rules just stay there, and mods clearly don't give a crap.
Mods will only ban people over stuff that isn't even CLOSE to violating the  terms of service.
Hell, they ban people over trying to FIX Roblox's toxic atmosphere.
That's really only bad I have to say about Roblox.
Some games are violent, and I could watch out for that depending on what your child is allowed to see, but it isn't extremely violent to the point where someone is going to vomit or anything.
However, lots of the different games include violence, or other problematic things.
Another major problem, though, is that you are playing with absolutely anyone,  and anyone can talk to you.
It is quite difficult to say anything offensive or personal in the chat, such as emails, phone numbers, or swears, but there are loopholes that people DO quite often find.
There is an option to report people, but this is not very often the lead to anything actually happening about it.
Ok, so roblox so good and all, but, It does have a LOT of violence, Swearing, and other stuff, like online daters.
My child typed in the F word in the chat 60000000 times with some random bibba!
DON'T PLAY GAME!
SUCKS
I have been playing it for4 years now, And it's very easy to tell that you guys took one look at it and decided to write a scathing, lying review.
Do not blame Roblox for the games YOUR CHILD decided to play.
If your child plays a game and you don't like it, don't let them play it.
Don't blame Roblox for a violent game.
Do not blame Roblox for players that are rude.
THEY'RE the people
that should be reported.
And don't say people curse with numbers because they block numbers too.
Roblox does NOT ask for money.
So simply don't let them play them!!
Yes, there are bullies on Roblox.
But there's a little something called LEAVING THE GAME or BLOCKING THE PLAYER that you could do instead of blaming Roblox.
Roblox is not an addicting game, my child has never had any problems managing his time on Roblox.
And if Roblox just isn't the game for your child, DONT BLAME ROBLOX FOR THE FACT THAT YOUR CHILD DOSENT LIKE IT!!!
If you get scared your child is going to encounter a child predator, dont worry, words such as "where do you live" or "whats your number" and Numbers themselves all turn into "###############" .
Also, its super rare for something like this to happen, anyway.
The violence in roblox ISNT EVEN ACTUAL VIOLENCE.
There is no blood, no gore, just your character falling into pieces like lego characters.
There are settings you can change for both account safety and account privacy, one of them can restrict your child's ability to use the in-game chat feature, but that defeats half the purpose of roblox, i suggest only using this if your child has a real encounter with a child predator, creepy person, or your child is very young, like 4 or 5 years old.
CHILD.
So Roblox isnt to blame for games with cartoon violence or iffy stuff in the slightest.
Roblox tries very very hard to moderate their content and karens tend to not care.
The mods are embarrassing, a lot of 18+ stuff has been published in to the catalog page in the last few months , and some of them were removed after people reported them as NSFW.
I got banned on Roblox for naming an item, or whatever it is called "aaaa" since I was making a few of them for PFPs on games.
It was a small drawing of Tubbo from the Dream SMP and I got banned straight after posting it.
I'm disapointed that they banned me for the stupidest reason, and not banning others for doing way worse like doing s3xual things in-game, or swearing, etc.
I use to love this game as a kid but now it's banning people for the most stupid reasons.
Smh.
There have been some games that are violent .
And people can be rude in chat but you can disable chat.
Now, Roblox does have its problems.
Most of the time, these are just 10 year olds, so make sure your child is well educated enough to know that they should not do that.
Now sometimes people try to upload innapropiate things like... well you should know.
This gets past moderation most of the time because the game moderation in terms of clothes suck.
Now im not gonna say its GOOD cause you cannot say the words "age" or "from" sometimes.
The only words that are some people consider swearing (I do not) are Hell and idiot.
If your child is over 13 they maybe will see some swearing but very rarely.
However, there are some games that are somewhat innapropiate.
Keep in mind that robux is heavily overpriced, if you spend 10 dollars you get 800 robux which is not a lot to get much things since there are things in this game that cost $100-$50000.
will roblox is a game but some of the updates are bad
There are some players that are really toxic and online date, they call themselves slenders.
They are around 12 to 15 years old and they act like depressed people.
They try to make deep voices and always get mad over losing usually.
They will always try to bypass the chat to swear.
If a slender is in ur server u can just block him and play ignoring him, if he starts to ruin ur experience by glitching or exploiting just join another server, there are also games that are called condo, they are about sex but get deleted very very quick, they can be found in discord servers.
Its a good game for kids above kids but there are alot of bad people on this web who bypass the chat filter system and swear in it and sometimes ppl play songs which has swearing in it and alot of people online date in it
So many parents hate roblox because they have never tried it before.
In the parent community there is too much misinformation  so they dont understand but some but not many parents do.
Bad moderation
Now i am not criticizing the moderators or anything, i respect the fact that they work hard and stuff, but most roblox mods are lazy people who only care about the money/robux and ban randomly.
Now one time i was playing a game on roblox and a mod teleported to me and banned me for A YEAR.
Not all mods are bad but most of them ARE.
Bad safe chat
Now I understand the fact that safe chat is there to protect kids from cuss words, but i have seen so many cuss words and I NEVER use them.
Parents say that when kids see bad words they will say them immediately, but not all kids are like that.
So it is just easier if parents see curse words, they can just tell the kid to NOT USE THEM.
I never understood this logic.
Also it tags random words that are harmless and it also tags NUMBERS as well, forcing players to use ROMAN NUMERALS.
Toxic community members.
I have played so many games where 5 year olds cuss and generally be a bad sport whenever they are spanked by a professional.
These kids are generally being a bad sport but most kids are better than that.
But it is very, VERY overpriced because ten USD (around 14 CAD) gives you only 800 robux that kids can spend in 5 minutes.
Overprotective parental controls
The parental controls are VERY restrictive.
They make people unable to chat with the unfortunate kids that have these controls enabled and these kids cant chat AT ALL.
This makes it so hard to communicate.
He then placed down very bad towers and i couldn’t get him to stop and i ended up losing the round.
Racism

Now many people talk about these slenders and say they are bad because they choose specific avatar items.
I think this is bad because the roblox community should be equal and nobody should face discrimination because of the kind of clothes or accessories they wear.
Also people that have free clothes are targeted snd bullied by 6 yr olds that have LOTS of robux.
Parents have to understand that not all of roblox are greedy moderators, hackers, and mean players.
I saw in chat DISTURBING things!!
My #### hurts.
How do people know that those arent adults.....
I am of German ethnicity and I was banned for speaking German claiming that I was insulting someone's ethnicity like what the hell this was my go to game when I was bored I am getting sick of the site and their lousy mods: Parents if your kid speaks their exclusive home countries language don't let them play the mods are lousy and will most likely ban them for no reason.
It is a good game, but it does have some flaws.
Multiple times my friends have told me about bullying in the chat system.
Why do parents think it's a bad game to play?
I got grounded because they think it's a bad game to play...but how?
Can someone give me an explanation on how it's bad?
I'm 17 years old and my parents think it's bad for me.
It's not fair!!
I need a better explanation on how it's so bad to play?
Are my parents wrong?
it has some bad stuff i keep seeing people have sex and being naked and saying bad words and hacking!
Also there a thing called condos and i didn't know what they were so i joined one and there were bad parts also theres to many scams!
they keep banning ppl for being lbtq its horblre i hate it!
Now, a lot of the other reviews will say that their child is being bullied, or getting invited to friends houses that they met in Roblox, there is a way to turn both of those off.
Don’t listen to them.
If you don’t want your child talking to people, turn their chat off!
If you don’t want them spending things on your account, simply don’t give them your credit card credentials.
Roblox's moderaton is failing and letting bad stuff go in it, and so much scammers and hackers
I love roblox but this t has a chat and if you would like to you can disable the chat so they can’t use it.
However there are many toxic players.
There is some sexual games made by players but they get taken down very quickly and they never get popular so it's unlikely your child will find a sexual content on roblox.
There are weapons and you can die in game but the death isn't glrey or bloody it just looks like Lego charachters falling down.
Certain aspects on the game parents may be uncomfortable with is: horror games, (usually mild) violence, (usually censored) bad language from other players, bullying, the chance of your child giving away private info.
LONG STORY SHORT JUST TEACH YOUR CHILD HOW TO BE NICE ONLINE AND TO NOT GIVE AWAY PRIVATE INFORMATION!
For example the game, "Adopt me" Personally, I've never played it seriously for a good period of time but due to the game's young audience, it has become a cesspool of scamming.
Even worse, some impressionable kids become themselves scammers sometimes.
I've also been scammed once by a scamming game and lost my account, though this only happened due to me being very young at the time.
Another thing, sexual content is also extremely rare, I've played Roblox since 2014 and have seen only 2 instances of sexual places (I've seen some sexual content due to hackers, but since Filtering Enabled was added to every game, it has completely disappeared).
You have to be specifically looking for these places to find them and if they reach over 10 players, they get terminated in 30 minutes.
There are though a less sexual but still bad community of players in Roblox that try to bypass the filter.
But as long as you monitor your child you can just ban them from playing the game that is populated with these people or warn them about them.
As long as the account age is under 13, basically nothing will get through, and even if it does your child needs to know context of what they're bypassing to understand it most of the time.
HI i like this game but some people are just STRAIT SALTY OR JUST WEIRD.
as a 9 year old playing roblox (i have permission form my parents), i have no idea why it's 13+, unless u specifically search for bad stuff, it wont show up.
And the other hacking which is the meep city hacking which was just a security problem that the developer never fixed and allowed a lot of hackers with bad intentions to get into his game but it was fixed within around 4 to 5 days and the next thing is that there is a thing called robux which is the games form of currency and there is also a lot of scamming with it with younger kids who dont know what they are doing so just watch out for that but as I was saying most of these news stations and that are tryi
Also another thing to point out is that the moderation is like ridiculous not in like that sort of fashion like its really bad but like some of the automatic things is just ridiculous like accounts are getting terminated and getting a few day bans for saying words like the single word gay and nothing else and stuff like that there is a whole thing of things talking about the moderation of actual experienced players who have been on the website for a long time that just absolutely expose them but dont be afr
Soo parents are saying that roblox isnt for kids well i am one of the kids and id say that i am just bad at school not because of roblox but because i dont want to go study.
I would say just monitor your children more and not confiscate any of their devices sure there is blood in games but dont let your children play  those games.
People never told me mean things because im kind of a friendly guy but if they do say mean things there should be a leaderboard just tap their name and click block and their messages dont appear.
The only time you will find inappropriate content for kids is if you deliberately look for it off site, as roblox will most likely ban it with their great moderation system.
Roblox is literally made for kids.
Pedophiles are rare and over-exaggerated on Roblox.
There are “condo games” which are games Roblox has (they try to ban these games) that contain sexual acts, Roblox tries to ban these games and the players in them, sex is not tolerated at all on roblox.
There are many cons though, such as the consumerism, violent games, suggestive content, swearing, and TERRIBLE servers.
As of typing this review, the site is currently offline because of a major outage.
They said its good but dont click  bad games.
But there are some downsides, too.
The website/games can lag or glitch, most items can only be paid with an online currency called 'Robux' you can only pay for with real-life money, and since it is a public chat, moderation is not the best, and there are over a billion players so I've seen lots of bullying, swearing, and players chatting sexual jokes and using animations to look like they are doing sexual acts.
Some games can be scary, have mild swearing, models supposed to be alcohol, or dark themes so be careful.
However, even though it is aimed for kids, there is quite a lot of inappropriate stuff that is likely to disturb kids.
The violence is not major, but there are uses of weapons, explosions, and some blood.
Some Roblox games are based off violent TV shows, one example is Squid Game.
Sexual innuendo includes pornographic avatars and very stereotyped girl games.
my dad lets me play roblox and usally some kids might put the wrong age thats why they join wierd servers with wierd people actually in it but ive joined brookhaven never had a problem its just that my sister got hacked thats why bc ppl usally hack ppl with robux and if ur kid has that please be careful
If you raised your child like a naughty, ignorant, and rule breaking menace.. Don't get this game, you'll end up seeing them trying to swear at innocent robloxians, and they will always curse, curse and curse and be sooo annoying, and.. yeah they will become different, everyday they will be asking for 100 pounds worth of robux, and a premium roblox membership, you will go bankrupt!
They will also find some inappropriate games if you allow  them to access social media.
But back to children, a smart child wont beg you for 304000032098498249842 robux EVERY Day, maybe like 4 pound every month, week?
But.. don't spoil them to much, or they'll get attatched and turn into...
THE DEVIL, THE DARK DEEP DEVIL WHO ALWAYS LOCKS THERE DOOR EATING READY SALTED WALKERS AND LEAVING CRUMBS ON THERE DEVICE WHILSTE SWEARING AT THERE MESSY PHONE BECAUSE THEY DIED IN MURDER MYSTERY 2!!!!!!
i has sinned me out of my account 30 times and now its down and on the jailbreak privet server its nearly imposable
For example some games may contain some gore.
And some contain sexual content.
But are banned quickly.
And be careful with your child's account because some predators may be on there.
And mild cursing is allowed on roblox.
Robolx suck because of it's severs.
But the truth is that Roblox is a toxic platform.
It has a lot of toxic players who are harming kids life.
Most of all, Roblox has the worlds worst sever system.
Every time when Roblox is down It will take 6 years just to fix the sever.
Roblox is in a tradic state and it should not be avertisting to kids.
If any of these parents ever read the TOS, it says that if your child spends money using your card without parental consent, there account will be banned.
So like stop complaining about it just cause you didn't read the TOS.
I wouldn't recommend turning off their chat though because your child could become anti-social as a result of that.
I admit some content is inappropriate, and it usually takes moderation a little bit to remove it, but most of this content can only be found by searching for it DIRECTLY.
You should at least give them a talk every once and a while about online safety and predators and how they should only be friends with people they know.
Also, dont buy ANYTHING from any game that says that it will give you the item in the ORIGINAL game.
It's not their fault if you got addicted and you have bad grades.
That's for the kids who say they forgot their password.
Also, the bullying is a problem, but you can easily block those players altogether.
And Roblox isn't a pay to win game.
That's all I have to say about this app.
And it also had people all over the world who make the different game son roblox, and some can be violent or inappropriate for some ages.
There's a extremely low chance you'll get exposed to something bad.
Roblox has safe chat by the way so people can't say anything bad worser than "Idiot" and "hell".
This game has very trash events guys dont play it!
First: Good privacy, can't type any swears, names, or numbers over 2 digits (for phone number privacy)
Second: you get bullies and sexual content in games made for kids....fuck humans.
While the game is made for young kids, I am forced to date it a 12 as the people too old for it and too cheap to buy Minecraft just ruin it for the kids..could be a pretty great app.
I used to play this all the time- eventually gave up.
Don’t get me wrong, there are some AMAZING games on there, but roblox itself is annoying.
They keep adding new rules that make it harder to play and reducing value of the things you buy with real money, they steal money.
Some games people make on there have really terrible sex content, as I’ve experienced second-hand when my friend stumbled across a game where characters were doing disgusting things.
Also, roblox events suck.
Negative Qualities:
I actually enjoy ROBLOX but the platform is becoming worse.
It's inappropriate and ROBLOX has a horrible moderation team which causes children to be exposed to explicit content.
Inappropriate assets can pass though moderation but not something that is perfectly okay.
There are lots of false bans but they are only reversed from community outrage meaning, there are tons of people who have been falsely banned and are stuck like that.
ROBLOX does have a report system but it is unreliable and it does almost nothing.
There are also lots of scammers which can lead to hacking and a sad child.
ROBLOX has been releasing updates that are useless and aren't focusing on the more serious problems.
Final statement:
The negative qualities outweigh the positive ones, which makes ROBLOX bad.
There are too many hackers in this game pls stop them
So I was playing bedwars and this person told me to "mic up" damn, this kid had the stitchface, korblox, and some cringy emo shirt, so I got his discord, and he sounded about, 10, all I said was hi, he left the call.
BUT, They Get Deleted Within 10 Hours Of Me Sending A Service Report.
Roblox Will Also Soon Be Age-Rating Games, And Parents REALLY Need To Stop Complaining About Bypassing Swear Words, YOU LITERALLY LEARN THEM AT SCHOOL, And Children Swear Left And Right When You Don't Know About It.
They also think they are grown and mature so they can be very annoying if you or your child find one it is preferable to avoid them.
Don’t add strangers because that just common sense.
The only things I dislike about it is the consumerism and the chat.
There is nothing wrong with having chat in a game, but there is a lot of inappropriate text in chat.
The consumerism is also terrible.
I know some for my friends spend up to $90 a week on this so called currency called “robux”.
I have robux but I rarely ever get it.
I think roblox is sometimes toxic bc there r slenders and c&p's there really toxic but some of them arent its better if u leave ur kids be tho.
AND ROBLOX U BETTER NOT ADD REALISTIC THINGS ITS GOING TO BE WAY TOO ANNOYING
Roblox has a horrible system for paying their developers, many games don't even make money if you don't pay Roblox first and Roblox takes an enormous cut of the pay anyways.
roblox is a really good game its just annoying how it sensors some of the dumbest things.
i could misspell a word then it would tag out, a lot of the time it also tags out numbers
Make sure to have a good password don’t trust the peaple offering free robux hackers are common but Roblox let’s you report explorers bully’s ect.
There are scammers so teach your kids how to not get scammed..I reccommend dont buy premium for 5-7 yr old kids and tell them to spend their robux cause if they get hacked it is all gone and even worse if you buy premium!
Only things to look out for is like any social media, hackers and pred*tors.
It’s good but there is some inappropriate games on it and some people try do do things with you that are not very cool.
The "safe chat" thing doesn't work, lots of toxic people are there.
Some youtubers even got cyberbullied.
And the graphics are not good without rtx.
And your kids will rage if you don't give them robux.
I'm playing roblox myself and I think that some games are pretty brutal to play, these games are like 10+ or 11+.
But there are scammers all around roblox but it isent robloxes falt that there are scammers they are just evil persons!
That was my review, have fun with roblox and dount get scammed!
I am concerned about this game.
This game can have a downside as there is a LOT of social interactions and chatting.
Violence has been present in lots of games, too, from strange cartoony swords to high-graphic (close to real life) shooters.
If you are under 13, either do not get this game or speak to your parents and consider playing it with 'limited' features.
This game has nothing immoderately inappropriate.
But games like Arsenal have guns in them that make it a bit more like Fortnite which is PEGI 12 and it’s violent.
And they censor bad language in the chat.
the games are all fine and fun but it is really EASY to disconnect and you always get reported for no reason.
And when  you get reported and it works, YOU GET KICKED OUT OF THE GAME!!!
I once got kicked and got a warning while I was in a tower defence game for 40 minutes when I was just about to win.
If you are swearing it is usually tagged, but my friend got banned for swearing in tags BRUH.
Most of the games are just pure trash.
Very little entertain me.
Just stop clouding up the games that just suck, making it hard to find games that are fun.
As the title says the site can be a little iffy.
It has blood and gore but not the graphics in like Call of Duty or something.
They are modern goths that act like pedo's and online date.
The worse one's are toxic and play games like AA:TT or something like that.
(If you are a slender and you aren't toxic I understand how people tease you) Frappe is Probably the worst thing you you know what I mean fellow trollers.
Once I said that I Slowpoke tail (Yk what I mean pokemon fans) and they said "We don't hire clowns here sir."
(Worst comeback ever) But back to the topic we have scams that say FREE BOBUX GUYS FREE BOBUX... Or something like that.
Don't fall for it 6 year olds.
This is like a job to most kids.
Parents you've made a big mistake of banning roblox from your kids.
HOWEVER for people under 8 it isn't good.
First of all scams.
Even tho u dont need barly a brain just to know that scams are bad people under 8 can do stuff like that.
The good thing about these scams if after you fall for it the first time you won't do it agin.
Also there would be many raging kids if there were people under 8 (even 8 do rage).
With games like Jukes towers of hell, jailbreak, break in, piggy, daycare and MANY MORE.
If your a parent and say no to Robux, It will often lead to tears.
But why does my child want Robux so bad?
There is some violence in games like ''Murder mystery 2'' Where if you are innocent, You hide from the murderer, If your sheriff, You kill the murderer, But if you're the murderer, You either run around with a gun shooting people Or you get a knife where you stab people.
There is blood.
Piggy is not far from very scary, Where these Animals kill you with weapons if you don't escape.
All the parent who says there is swearing, I just heard a voice from hashtags say to the parents ''Am I a joke to you?''
Please do NOT online date.
there are a few bugs where it randomly freezes your camera, But those are pretty rare.
Basically, the Roblox moderation system is absolute garbage.
If you report a single account, any one, it could even be your friends, Roblox will take action without reviewing the report itself and terminate the account.
And if they try to appeal, it will be denied with a botted message that repeats the same thing over and over again with no chance of appeal.
0/10, would not recommend.
I've spent hours upon hours playing, working my way up and finally got my dream item just to be falsely accused of "account theft" with no chance of appeal.
I'm disgusted by how they took this matter into their own hands and how they only recognise falsely banned users if they have a community backing them.
Pls Tell Me Why You Stopped Playing Jailbreak
It is a fun game but throughout the years the platform has become very toxic.
The players are mean to each other and you have to spend real money for anything good.
The players date in "roleplay" games and are able to find ways to play inappropriate audios.
There are also scam bots and hackers that can give your computer a virus, etc.
The only thing I don't think I can give them credit for is the amount of in game microtransactions the different games have, I don't think I should blame it all on Roblox because the developers put them in.
The moderation is terrible for a multi billion game corporation with it's CEO being a multi billionaire, they are improving on moderation... barely... per month.
but you should watch kids under 10 because of what people do, once I was playing and someone told me to join a game and there was only a bed and the told me to get in it but I left.
I THINK IS GAME IS HORRIBLE NO CHILD SHOULD PLAY THIS GAME EVER!!!
I HATE THIS GAME SO MUCH IT LITERALLY MADE MY CHILD WANT TO EAT BLOODY DIRRAREA I HATE THIS GAME FOR THAT!!!
THIS GAME NEEDS TO BE TAKEN DOWN!
I HATE THIS GAME SO SO SO MUCH!
IT IS ALSO WAY TO KID FRIENDLY TO BE TRUSTED!!!
I HATE THIS GAME SO MUCH!!!!
You definitely don’t need to worry about your kids swearing.
Here are the downsides of roblox.
There are, unfortunately, quite a few players who try to date on roblox.
The biggest issue with that is the constant problem of cybergrooming, not just on roblox, but on all online platforms 
-in app purchases.
these parents are going crazy out of roblox because it has like games that have guns and bloood that isnt real Like really?
And many people can get hacked easily.
Also some games have blood images included.
I used 100 dollars on robux and wasted it all on my avatar!
Was gonna give it age 5 and up but u know u can easily get scammed so i guess that 10 year olds wouldn't be as vulnerable idk
so nothing that is not all-ages gets quashed before anyone even knows they exist.
Also almost no capacity for violence over "funny bonk hammer", because look at the avatars.
Little Lego men who's arms and legs pop off when they die.
So basically I spent the rest of my robux on a t shirt and it got del8ted and I didn't get my robux back and it was 10 robux so I'm really mad
Your kid should know about internet safety, and if they don’t, then you basically can’t play any game.
The chat filter won’t allow users to share any private information.
It is a bit too strict.
Its a terrible website with bad moderators who can't protect children from slurs I recommend staying away from this website
Most parents that complain about roblox not being safe they usually think roblox is the same game it used to be in 2016 but roblox is alot safer than it used to be(There are still dodgy things happen like any social platform)
You can get banned for saying a word, that is meaningless and they'll take it to the extreme.
It was never liked this, but something changed to Roblox.
The service and support is absolutely terrible.
I've had to fix problems on my own like getting my old account back, they didn't even help one bit.
I got one thing to say, when you grow up, expect to be disappointed.
Worse ping optimization.
if you are looking for a fun, exciting, safe, and interactive game ROBLOX is not for you.
They steal money their developers and refuse to put it into good things such as servers.
Instead they pout out rushed Rthro packages and events.
The only good games (criminality and town) are horribly optimized in terms of ping everyone can run ping tests and get 100 or below, but the billion-dollar platform refuses to update their servers and only favors developers that rake more layers into their repetitive boring games instead of gems that are highly rated.
Again, not worth your time on this platform
The problem is, the thing the kid is doing on it might be bad.
But, some of the games on that platform might not be suitable for kids, because other people create the games.
I wanted to change it but roblox said no.
Please fix this.
I know that it has some iffy content, BUT HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO SAY, DON'T BLAME ROBLOX!!!!!!!
Some kids trying to act "big and bad" make these kind of things.
not the game.
This is not meant to be another GTA, It's meant to be a safe kid friendly plantform to make and play games, teens may have messed up the game but you know what to avoid.
Roblox just isn't the same anymore.
Roblox now cares about money and thats the reason Roblox is stopping their most cared events like the egg hunt.
They have lame excuses for this kind of stuff.
ROBLOX IS NOT A GAME IT'S A PLATFORM OF GAMES.
These do get banned so don't expect to make this your everyday avatar.
Media is way too hard to bypass.
If its not yet taken action nobody can see it.
The easiest way to bypass this is just get lucky and get a dumb as hell moderator to accept your image or well pay them
This will still get moderated if it gets reported.
The only way you can find bypassed stuff is if you actually try and look at the dark side of Roblox.
obviously it has security issues if your dumb to give out personal information.
Reporting doesn't really work u report a player then what happen IDK.
2.BULLIES!!
Yes, Bullies bullies can really down your mood in  games but theres a + side you can change servers
3.ADDICTION LOL!!!
I also get disconnected once a day because my internet is bad.
I preferred builders club because it wasn't so toxic.
Parents, be warned as some of the games like "Murder Mystery 2" and "Arsenal" contain violence and hackers so parents, be careful about what they play.
then roblox started to be a bit questionable.
sometimes you would get a warning or ban for something ridiculous, mobile support is really really bad, so i suggest playing on a computer.
even then, you will disconnect probably because of all the data and lag building up.
i just don't get it.
Good idea with bad execution.
User-generated games are full of violence, sex, swearing and other stuff that parents may NOT want their children to look at.
NO quality control.
Games follow the same format over and over, it gets repetitive.
If possible, avoid and potentially BAN this game from your house.
THIS GAME IS TOO HARD!
A few things to note before downloading:

1: TOO MUCH "BUY ROBUX AND YOU WILL GET THIS"
2: A LOT of scams for robux and your account password
3: If your childs account gets hacker they probably will be in tears for a month
4: If you don't use money, your child will look very bad in the game no matter what
5: If they have a 5 year/older device roblox will crash and won't work

A bit more to mention but it would get boring then....
This game used to be about fun games that people put effort into but now it's just filled with p2w games with unoriginal ideas and cash grabs.
Moderation
This game is moderated poorly...
Filled with scammers and in some dark places, pedophiles and the moderation team will not care.
THIS IS A KIDS GAME.
Since when should platform for kids be talking about sexuallity?
Now let's finally talk about scams...
There are so many robux scammers on this website it has become a meme at this point.. Roblox doesn't do much to stop scam bots from taking advantage of children.
It's understandable there are THOUSANDS of them and it can be hard to track them all, but I feel like the Roblox moderation team is lazy at times.
Just put restrictions on their account and monitor them and WHILE THERE is inappropriate stuff such as condos, Bypassed Music and with glitches people can actually bypass the filter and say swear words.
Its still only a small percentage and the roblox corporation is slowly banning them
this game is great but i have some issues.
Firstly i was on a group idk the name and this dude was saying Sex with my please like what the-(dont wanna say it).
Secondly some ppl literally hav fake sex in the game like i dont know names but yeah.
I don't recommend playing phantom forces if you are like under 10 just please check your games to your age!
my not mad at roblox you know condos are dont look it up
its not roblox doing this it the playeryou pernetsout there dont get mad at roblox get mad at users roblox i  not create this sex roblox is trying to ban them it users get mad at the dirty users
my account just got deleted
First of all this game can't even be played consistently.
It disconnects you even if you have good internet status.
Every single day there has to be at least one stupid glitch that Roblox is too ignorant to fix.
Then there are these useless "upgrades" that don't do anything but waste your time.
Roblox used to be good but now it's a very bad game.
Honestly pathetic.
Not recommended for someone who wants to have an enjoyable gaming experience.
the app is really good, but its really inappropriate and people can easily get around the tag system so they can still say bad words and it is an unhealthy experience for kids 15- and people also online date on roblox and some people make fun of how people dress their avatars
Other's about this is the toxicity, so there are some toxic mean people who like to wear the avatar item called the stitchface, they are called slenders.
(This has happened to me in the past where BESTGAMERS582 did it) They are also very toxic in bypassing the chat with swear words.
the only bad things about roblox are the chat censor witch just censors things like hi, bypassed audio and just things you would expect to see in a game with aufull moderation.
seriosly though the moderation sucks, oh yeah, also slenders and teamers in games like mm2.
those guys are annoying, oh yeah and ro-gangtsers too, and trolls but those guys  are OK not annoying just OK.
This is a very good game for kids but parents are mad about everything here,there might be some very gory games that are too inappropriate for children,but most of it is safe and fine,you can turn on a setting that only shows games that are suitable for the age,there might be a false report of you,roblox moderation is bad sometimes,but theres a rare chance you will be banned forever,as that only is common for really old accounts,and the censoring system is good,so the f word will so up as ####,even though i
Roblox is a great game, but there are a few problems.
Chat is the big #1 on the list because of possible security problems.
The chat can induce predators to pretend they are younger, and get your phone number, and come to your house.
If kids have your credit card, they can put you in debt.
I'm an Normal Teen that it's an roblox Veteran, but, OH MY GOD when i know that roblox has some hackiing issues, Like, really, You randomly Log out and the passcode gets changed, that happened always to my Sister, but got resolved, Still, after that, Roblox it's still an great game, fun, but watch out about the hackers, and always report to Roblox
there are hackers, scammers, and cons in this game.
my friend was a victim of being sexually harassed in a game called adopt me.
this game is just for people who want to have emotional nights filled which haunting thoughts of this dogsh*t. play if you want to be emotionally messed up.
I’m 12and I think that there is a lot of online dating which is wrong and should.
The players on Roblox can be not what you expected.
Those are the players you would want your child to avoid throughout their gameplay.
Like scamming games ( free robux )& sented cons ( adult games ).
Please stop hating Roblox!
if you don't want You're kids playing scary games let them play a different like bubble gum simulator.
You will find extremely crappy games, and also excellent ones.
I cant even say what the frick.
I got terminated for saying gay, I never got banned for exploiting.
Roblox tolerates exploiters quite well, but saying gay is absolutely 0 tolerance no matter who you are.
I dont really support LGBT because well, im a christian and well, i see it unfair how we as christians cant say our opinions or we will get banned.
I just wanna make it clear i dont intend to offend any lgbt person out there, but its sad how we either cant say anything or we just have to say stuff in their favor.
Back in 2017-2018 you could get banned just for saying "da wae" because it was "racist" even tho the uganda community didnt mind it.
Also one person got banned for simply saying lego.
Thats how bad moderation is.
Roblox has more negativity than positivity.
Reason
The game itself has many unsatisfactory people.
Like bullies, scammers, hackers, online daters and even gangsters.
A player may bully your children causing so many problems, depression and insecurity.
Scammers
Of course, so many young players trust “free Robux”.
A player will scam the victim by changing the victim’s password on the account.
It is very likely to happen to kids that trust scammers.
In trading, it is most likely to happen that your children can lose a limited item because of the scammers.
Beware of this.
Bullies
Of course, there is a MASS of people who bully and show off.
A player may say something like “u are ugly” or “u are stupid and idiot” to the victim.
A player will probably even report your children’s account for no reason.
If a player said “I like you” or “let’s have secs (sex)” to your children, your child/ren must leave the game as soon as possible.
Sometimes the community is just impolite as it is.
Your children may experience one of the bad things in the game.
Unfortunately, your children can’t get rid of unsatisfactory people.
But be careful, your child may be bullied by a user on Discord as well.
That outfit might disappear or the creator of the outfit deletes it but here I am not able to use a lot of my outfits and I didn’t get refunded for any of it.
There are people who can be rude with the following: scamming, bullying.
People use words such as:  b*tch a** and more words that can be uncomfortable for some.
Also if someone swears at you it comes up in hashtags.
Overall it is a great games, BUT WAIT, there are just a few things in Roblox that just suck : Robux is the online currency of the game, while you think you don't need Robux, people start bullying you and may also harass  you, your kids need to be safe with the stuf of revealing your private information, which is a huge no-no, overall, it is a great game and I am fine it with.
It is a bit annoying that so much costs robux.
Chat is censored so no one can curse or say anything vulgar.
However, nowadays, it's a bit... concerning.
I've seen 9 year olds online dating, bullying for having no robux (which is ingame money which you have to pay for, 4.99 for 500 robux.
), swearing, sexting, etc.
There are a few games that are vulgar (blood and such) such as FPS and horror games.
Violence is prevalent in some games, however it is not over the top and blood is hardly shown, except for horror games.
Now onto the negatives:
Roblox has a lot of issues in the community.
Trollers are players who deliberately go out of their way to put others down and bully other players for their own benefit because they think it is funny.
Unfortunately the trolling community in roblox is high.
Condos are games that are made by players which are sexual.
Condos are very hard to find, unless you go to websites such as discord looking for them.
Robux costs a lot of money, and if someone doesn't have robux they will probably be bullied for the way their avatar looks, as a roblox player who didn't have robux for a long time I experienced this.
Roblox oders, disgusting- 
As a child with a loss of innocence-, roblox oders are the problem and literal games that are inappropriate.
I remember seeing my friend play one and I joined and I was disgusted and disappointed.
I think you should not let your child chat, in the setting you can turn it on to off.
And one more thing, since I’ve lost a lot of innocence... you should do something, check your child’s chats & recently played games.
Recently I have been banned in Roblox because I defended myself from a person who called me a fag.
Roblox didn't do anything to that person, and I got banned.
I have just came out of the closet and that kind of stuff makes me feel like I'm alone and gives me bad thoughts.
Anyway, Roblox can be good, but you should really be careful of the bad people on there.
It only becomes addicting and inappropriate if you make out to be like that.
well honestly...people make beer modles and spin the bottle and it bypasses the filter,people make bikini clothings too and shirtless avatars that are sposed to be jackets,I WAS HACK FOR A SHIRT WITH A MANS REAL NAME his name is Matt,he hacked and leaked my rblx account, f to pay respects to rblx account
When the your character dies, their body parts usually just fall down, there are some games with better death animation but they mostly just ragdoll.
(You still should avoid games like Phantom Forces, Runker 51, Mortal Metalium,... so basically if the game have many mechanics you have to follow, it probably is pretty violent).
: If your child only want to play games in the front page, then no.
Roblox is really strict on banning stuff like that (although, people still manage to not get banned, for some reason).
If you want your kids to play friendly looking games, avoid MeepCity, its hell there, or at least dont join any parties.
: Literally none (except for hell, idiot, and somehow, IMAO isn't banned).
Roblox is really really strict on people swearing, they are so strict that they literally bans people for saying 'gay' although they are not harassing anyone with that word (people saying "I'm gay" are no exceptions).
There are many accessories on Roblox that might make your kids spend money, just told them to avoid those and don't let your credit card info saved on the device, otherwise, there's a 65% chance they will spend your money (also if you buy them something, don't buy spiky hairs or the stitchface, there's a 90% chance they will become a slender, and slenders are very toxic).
Oh also I lost my acc with my halo on royale high so I'm kinda salty about that
If you’re worried about what Common Sense has in their review, just turn off the chat setting fir your account.
Ur such a sussy baka if u h8 r0bL0x.
that will simply be too overwhelming for a child who hasn't quite clicked with reading yet.
It features blood and violence, but not too much of it.
This doesn't teach kids much, but it's a roleplay game and also gives players a money system.
The game does feature guns and violence, but no blood.
This unfortunately can lead to kids getting scammed, but Adopt Me!
It is unfortunately a paid game, and you need to pay 25 R$ (Robux) to play it.
Moderation team is small - ROBLOX's moderation team is small and they can't delete everything right away.
Scams - ROBLOX, as said before cannot catch up with all rule breakers.
Scams on ROBLOX roam in dark corners such as ''FREE ROBUX'' sites and games.
Games with trading also have scammers, so you should teach your kid about internet safety before letting them play.
The default death animation is your roblox character falling apart like a lego person.
Inappropriate Content - Inappropriate content on Roblox nearly doesn't exist since recent times.
Besides, normally the only bad words are "hell" and "dam" (it censors damn in ROBLOX so i spelt it the way it is in the game.)
tbh its really adicting if you got some one bullying your kid block them don't like what they're playing?
just don't let them play it Roblox can drop grades though and they have WAY too many scam games such as "COMPLETE OBBY FOR 1000 ROBUX" or others like "BUY FREE ADOPT ME PETS" that makes you enter user and password thats why i rated it 3 stars by the way but other wise its really fun
online dating gets removed the fastest.
there might also be bullying.
it gets boring a lot.
some people are mean.
The reason I’m saying 10+ is because there is quite a lot of bad stuff that happens on roblox and they should restrict certain games for kids under 13, even so I’m pretty sure some bad games would get past their $#!
Roblox studio isn’t the most beginner friendly platform because to make a good game it does require some coding, but you can make a game without it.
if you really need to know what Roblox is watch kids reviews
There are alot of karens in adult reviews that dont even know what roblox actually is.
If you see bully, you can either leave game, mute him, or even report him.
If you see online dater - report him instantly

Roblox has a thing called Chat filter.
Its even TOO safe.
About tags, some sue roblox for somebody saying "########" First of all, these are not Roblox.
They are OTHER PEOPLE!
Also #### is not swearing, backwards, its CLOSING SWEARING!
Roblox is a bit too safe in my opinion, i cant even turn on some settings without my account being 13+, 

The thing that roblox dont reads reports at all is stereotype.
Roblox has become the epitome of what a company becomes when the board of directors is nothing but investors.
The entire company has gradually become a cash grab.
Account security is extremely poor for lack of better words.
Practically anybody is susceptible to being compromised if targeted.
Support service is awful and they clearly do not genuinely have a care for their users unless their income is involved.
They handle issues poorly and I'm not sure how they always manage to come up with the worse solutions for everything.
Their solutions will generally end up hurting a whole population.
This company has been degrading with almost every new update.
but some times you might come across some pretty dodgy stuff like free robux scams and innapropriate stuff.
the scams are more common but the innapropriate stuff is less so i say you don't really need to worry about the innapropriate stuff a lot.
The game PIGGY in roblox is EXTREMELY INNAPROPRIATE!!!!
no
more cuss words guys.
they are illegal and you will go to JAIL!!
My son pooped his pants when he saw this.
Piggy is extremely “thic” as children say which is moderate sex and unacceptable.
NO KID SHOULD PLAY THIS GAME
What makes it bad for younger kids is the chat.
Just make sure your kid doesn’t chat anything bad and that they don’t add random people as friends (because you can chat with friends privately) friends) I also lowered the rating because it can get boring after a while.
Great website, but a few problems.
It is really easy to upload inappropriate images to the website just by adding a few tweaks to the image and then uploading it.
(Roblox does moderate the images) There are games known as "condos" that allow players to do very inappropriate things to each other and completely removes the chat filter.
There are also some bad things about Roblox, like security breaches.
although yes people bypass, bad content, ROBLOX admins delete it in under a hour!
sometimes games include bombs, guns, knifes, swords, bats etc which can be seen bad for some people, no blood in this when your characters die they just  get their limbs splattered everywhere no blood no nothing
In the game there are tags that stop you from saying numbers so you cant say your age and tags also stop you from cursing.
People can bypass tags and some numbers don't even have tags.
There are also people that insult you but even when I was 8 I didn't care.
Roblox has violence but the violence isn't bad.
Well this game is not made for kids but its kid friendly
By the way the community is not that good 
Some games in Roblox are made for people who are mature (13+) (for example criminality)
and also just dont search sented con in youtube you will regret it.
There is a bit of violence and even sometimes swearing too (but thanks Roblox they have a chat filter that doesnt allow users to swear)
But just like all games theres a fair share of toxic people (mean people sometimes hackers) mostly referred to as slenders, or copy and paste's, but other then that its an AWESOME game.
Just be careful of oders if you don't know the full meaning then it mean online daters so Oders are really disgusting...you can play Brookhaven if you Want!but if you see this in the chat "hey I got robux from this website ______" or "hi Daddy ahhh~~" then immediately report it cause  it's hacking and disgusting but the great part is that they disable the bad words so yea it's pretty safe
I think other reviews have missed out on some factors that should probably be included.
Like survival simulators, they have made up or already real creatures where you kill or be killed but sorta less intense.
The highest quality I’ve seen so far has transparent blood puddles drip of your character, and scars but not that bad.
Other lower quality ones, nothing really happens apart from your health bar going down.
There are plenty of first person shooters, but when you die you either flop or explode into lego-like pieces.
Don’t let your 5 year old play any of those games by turning on a setting that restricts their accessible games.
In adopt me there are scammers in every sever so just let your child know NOT to trust people like that or games like that either.
If you want to restrict your child’s chatting ability’s you can always get rid of the chat entirely or other less vigorous options as getting rid of it entirety defeats the purpose of most of roblox.
You also can’t ask “where do you live” it will come out as “################” as well as swear words and inappropriate content.
Don’t blame roblox for being money hungry, blame the person who made the game that’s money hungry.
Games with bad content are taken down in a matter of hours so no need to worry about those too much.
In the game you can buy a wheelchair for your avatar but it costs money, I wish there was a free way to give people with limb differences and other disabilities a proper way to represent themselves.
look Karens u guys cant understand how kids love this game yeah sometimes the roblox moderation is terrible but they are sometimes busy.I know that the games are good sometimes they are having blood 
but all roblox Games are not designed for children even Adults too.
Karens like u should be banned off of Earth and a Karen like u told there child became voilent after playing roblox these are absolute lie frick u Karens Frick u
The news paints Roblox as something that it isn't, a place where children get groomed, their innocence and childhood are taken away from them, where their psyche gets ruined and their mind fills with dirty thoughts.
While there are instances of child grooming, it's not that bad.
Tons of parents complain, "I found my child in-game with a child and a husband!
That is so inappropriate!
How did Roblox let my child get groomed?!"
Most instances of child grooming happen on third party chat apps.
And I find it very stupid that parents blame Roblox for the grooming even when it happens outside of Roblox, thus out of their control.
Do not, I repeat, DO NOT, give your child permissions to download or use third party chat apps until they are at least 13, it's better if you restrict them to be older though.
There are other things about Roblox I could discuss, but parent's primary concern is grooming.
however, the imperfections are very present and they have a pretty major impact on the game and the users in it.
for example, there are many p*dos, toxic people, etc.
this makes it very more vulnerable for minors to be exposed to inappropriate subjects.
adding onto this, there are a lot times where i, when i was a younger individual, lag.
i lagged so much that it was impossible to play with my friends.
for example, the game bedwars, a roblox version of the popular minecraft game, is extremely laggy.
every time i tried to join, i would get told i had technical difficulties and i would be kicked it.
my last point i would like to get across is that roblox bans for unnecessary and childish reasons.
making a small, minor joke does not need to lead to a 7 day ban, or perhaps the disabling of your account.
it is just wrong, for some childish person to have to report that individual over something that was simply meant to be a harmless joke.
if it was harmful, then i would have no issues with it, but my friends have constantly been reported to roblox from making meaningless jokes, leading them to have their account banned/terminated.
in summary, the roblox moderation is terrible and they never read the reports nor give proper bans/punishments.
What's Annoying is my Account got Hacked on Roblox and MY Password was changed so i didn't know it but i still had my account at the time because i was still logged in but when i noticed my password was changed, i tryed to change it and you know what roblox wanted, When i tryed to change it They wanted my CURRENT Password which i didn't know because it was hacked.Let Me ask you this Roblox do you even think about hackers anymore i just lost an account that i have played on for years and then just dumped int
What a waste of $200
There's a lot of swearing, though only trollers do it.
Also there are a lot of slenders which ruin the game and if they were banned ROBLOX would be way better.
The only problems with it are depending on your device and internet the connection may be crap and the other thing is it is a dry time in Roblox right now, but that is not a problem if your kid is new to roblox.
But Its also a place for some child Predators to hang out.
This has gone way too far.
Why isn't anyone talking about this in their reviews?
You can be banned for literally saying the word "gay" (they don't even care about the context when banning people), but they let inappropriate clothing bypass?
No one gets banned for the right reasons, no consequences when there's inappropriate content (other than the eating glue face, but like, that's probably the only good ban that they've done this year).
Like, FREAKING MILKIES?
It's hard to believe this is actually a kids game.
Many players try to bypass the chat filter to swear, so you may want to keep your child in games with a fan base of mostly younger players if you don’t want them being exposed to that kind of stuff.
Many games may contain blood, guns & weaponry, violence, and some extremely small games that usually get taken down fast but should be talked about contain sexual content.
Your kid won't find any "sexual games" since these games can be accessed only if you're in a 18+ Discord server and these games don't get on the popular tag, they get taken down quickly.
The community over the last year has changed a lot and many teens have been playing the game lately, which leads to them being a bit toxic and bypassing the chat filter a lot.
Yes there are shooting games but I have never found anything super super graphic on the site
I was playing this game called "Copyright artists" when I spoke this GIRL  called me emo.
She started making fun of me because I put "Sigh" in chat.
Then this BOY called me a retard.
This game should not be for kids since teens decide to ruin the whole game.
TikTok is the reason that teens are starting this aesthetic trend where teen girls just wear these clothes and mostly black teens bully people.
I hate this game
Roblox is a game where other people make games for kids to play.
There is A LOT of games that have weapons and the object of the game is to kill someone.
Almost anyone that normally plays Roblox with think this, until you have any issue to the slightest and Roblox screws you over and doesn't care at all.
Out of nowhere when I make a simple audio that is completely censored and doesn't violate Roblox TOS, I get terminated?
When I contact customer support I have to wait a week and a half for the first response saying that my account was correctly terminated, and that I needed to read the rules.
So I then complain about their lack of effort in trying to help me with my problem and continue to say how many people are allowed to break TOS on Roblox today and get away with it but I can't make a simple audio that is completely censored in every way?
I then get an email in the same day (for the first time ever), again from a different person saying basically the same exact thing the last person did.
So annoying and I have been through this horrible customer support tens of times, like when my account got hacked and I emailed them from the parent email (before it was a 13 account) and they said that I needed to contact them through the parent email, which I already was...
I was locked out of my account for 3 years and then finally when it was a 13 account I was able to get back in after just one simple email that took them almost an entire month to respond to.
I would love to see Roblox thrive and be a top competitor in all of games, but I feel like they have taken the game from a decent game for everyone, to a baby game that you have to revolve your life around the worst possible customer support and company you can ever imagine.
Not only is customer support slower than any company I have ever dealt with, it is almost as if I am talking to a robot/repeated message when trying to resolve my problem with someone, but rather it being just one person, it is a different person each time they respond to my email, confusing themselves and making it even worse of an issue.
it is like the worst game ever, PLAY MINECRAFT
I have seen so many shirts with hentai it’s actually getting annoying, this game is meant for kids but the admins aren’t enforcing any rules.
There are some games that aren’t for kids
There are people who learn to bypass chat censors and curse, and there are bullies.
Many inappropriate things.
To avoid anything bad coming to your child, you can turn off the chat feature, or you can actually educate your child on the real world so they aren't too upset about Roblox.
And in order to have the most fun, it's sort of a must have to get, which is a down side.
Yes, there is violence, but it's your child's choice to play those games and the games that are violent usually have no gore.
Roblox constantly updates in order to make the game safer for young children and are actively banning players who do wrong things.
Sorry about that, couldn't find a way to make it shorter.
Violence isn't graphic in Roblox, yes some games do have blood but it's very unrealistic, there are weapons such as: guns, swords and bombs.
And now the scammers, a scammer can easily trick a kid into giving their password and get their account taken, so tell your kid to not trust any site or player that tells them he would give free robux no matter what.
Oh and if you don't wanna meet toxic people, DO NOT go to these games: 'Da Hood' and 'The Streets'   because it's full of players that are toxic and rude to each other, they bypass the filter and even put on innapropriate songs in their boomboxes, the game is mainly about gangster violence, no blood is shown, just characters punching/kicking and beating and shooting.
"Night Club" "Dance Club" and "Boys & Girls Club"  games should also be avoided because of sexual activity and online dating, please report these games along with "Sent_Cons" games, these games are very rare to find, you can find them if you search 'sent_cons' these games are made so that players pretend to have sex, not that Roblox supports these type of games if there's a game like this, it gets taken down very fast and don't worry these sent_cons games are very hard to find.
I have been reading reviews  on this app for the past couple days and as someone that was once played this freaking game, I'm going to just say, reviews that say barley any child predators, not true.
This guy on their was so much of a freak he did a certain number of periods to give his phone number.
People that say the sexual stuff is just 'role playing' , its still potentially a 60 year old man saying stuff like *moans* and *licks* to a 11 year old little girl.
People that say you can take off the chat feature.
People that say swearing but its bleeped, there are loopholes that take a while to be noticed and blocked.
Even once those loopholes are blocked out, there are still more that are created.
I know 16 years is kinda crazy, even then your brain is not fully developed so at that age you still cant think completely critically and just take a moment to think, "if I do this will I get in trouble or if I say this could It ruin my life in the future" 

I also know I am only 13 but I have been through a lot on this cursed app and I now have the ability to think more critically just cause of past instances.
I'm not trying to bash the app because yes, it is a fun game, but parents, please, its also not a very safe one for what some people are saying a six year old should be able to play.
Kids say stupid stuff that could even get themselves in some trouble and I don't want anything bad happening to yall's kids.
If u caught ur kids swearing in roblox it maybe also affected by schools since it has kids swearing , and roblox dosent control the players , if u found rude and bad players please just report them , roblox is trying their best to moderate the game , and there is No sexual games , roblox always moderate them , if u dont want ur kid to play violence games try adopt me its safe for kids , games like halo 5 and call of duty is literally shooting games and has bad words in it
(I forgot to say, there is a group of people that moderate these games, so inappropriate games will be banned off the website in about 30 minutes at most, and the game creator will get in trouble.)
The messages could also be moderated, and the person that sent the harmful messages will get temporarily (or permanently) get banned.
The filter is also stronger against people under 13, and its  weaker for 13+ users, and even weaker for people 18+ (I think).
Their moderation is broken
Roblox tries its best to prevent anything inappropriate from getting into the game, but there are instances where things do make it in.
There can be some bad games.
Some with violence, and some could just be peaceful.
But some people can be very rude and toxic.
You can also get scammed ( with ingame items or robux which you can buy with real money ) but you cant get scammed in all games.
Also sometimes people use their boomboxes there (which costs robux) and use bypassed annoying audios that have swears in them.
There are over million games in Roblox, some game might contain violence but it's not a graphic violence, Roblox doesn't contain gore and when we die in that game your character will turn into a piece of lego.
Well, there might some rude people there, such as bullies, trollers, etc.
You may block them or change server if they bother you.
Ok, first of all, the community in Roblox is terrible.
People cuss all the time and the Roblox team has done nothing.
There are many games with guns and blood and questionable things that shouldn’t be in a game that 7 year olds play?
My mom had to take it off our iPads because it was so bad.
Overall, would never let anyone under 13 play.
Tons of questionable content I wish I never saw.
so if you patrents think roblox is bad ... then dont..because its a great platform for people of all ages to play... so why do i say 8+.its because it can be complex to some people....meaning that they wont understand how to play... if youve seen violence in the game...dont be too concerned..there is no visual pain when you start to die or kill someone... and as for death basicly your charecter falls apart just like lego..and apart from that moderators in the game will make sure to report any innapropriate 
its great but MAY include a few bypassed words that the chat filter  wont filter and scams like free adopt me neons but overall pretty good, also there are exploiters that make the server absolute hell.try to teach people online safety before actually letting them on the platform to not get scammed and if they do just keep  calm and report it.
Now, none of these are actually Roblox's fault.
Most players on Roblox are usually between the ages of 6-15, yet still there is mature content being created and unfortunately being exposed to young children.
Why this?
THIS GAME IS EVIL BECUSE MY LITTLE TIMMY SAID BAD WORDS BECUSE OF ROBLOX NOT MY BAD PARENTING
The moderation is horrible one of the reasons i get banned is for saying "cause he" and they don't do anything about hackers (also known as exploiters) and they rarely ban people and just do not care in general.
And when they do ban the hackers just create an alt and cheat again BAD game it is good overall but the moderation is why it's bad also especially Oders and those club things that existed those are not for kids also there are many innapropriate stuff still out there even though they ban innocent people and memes such as the ugandan knuckles meme which they deemed as "racist" and "bad" and it wasn't roblox is trash.
My child was playing roblox and she told me that she got hacked 2 TIEMS IN THE MONTH OF JUNE just to remind you she payed 500 and over dollers on roblox and this stupid hacking and banning stuff happens my daughter’s account is Ariana_grandeLovr that one got hacked now it is Ariana_grandeLovr2 THEN THAT ONE GETS BANNED i want my daughter back into roblox within 1 day
The app is amazing for younger children.But sometimes if children go to games like.Mocap animation.It has inappropriate in the game.There is online dating and inappropriate Lanague there.Don’t let your child play that game in adopt me.Also don’t let children play bloody games.There are some.
I don't understand what the big fuss is about  Roblox.
Dying is just falling apart like Lego and it makes a childish noise.
Bullying sometimes happens but you can just report the person.
And there is no swearing it usually always get censored with hashtags.
As someone who has played ROBLOX for a while, the customer service isn’t all that great.
They don’t warn or ban people that do exploits, adult things, say inappropriate words.
The censorship is always being bypassed and they don’t do anything!
While sometimes people upload inappropriate games, you can’t find them unless you actively seek for it.
I recommend kids 10+ to play it since roblox has a bit of a toxic community.
This game is bad cause its laggy on mobile after playing for 5 minutes or so and some games made in roblox are pornographic and sexual and dont get banned after a good hour, plus its easy to catch predators
This is the dumbest game of them all.
It's the biggest pay to win scam I have ever scene.
It makes playing these ''Experiences'' near impossible.
For an average player it's impossible to enjoy these ''Experiences''.
And because this game is mostly made of children feel free to know that in most games you will be called some of the following Gay, Dumb, Stupid, Bitch, Karen, Chad etc.
People will always Get in your way no matter what, You will be thrown under the bus no matter what.
Don't try to be the first one to throw insults at someone who's getting mad at you for no reason.
It does not work.
Most games will be polluted with noobs.
Finding good teams is also near impossible.
Most of the time you get the worst players in the game.
Most players just play games and mess around in a public lobby.
These games are made for someone to win so getting a good teammate that respects that logic is hard to come by

Please don't get into RoBlox because in my opinion its just not worth it...
I have seen tons of literal babys playing very gory roblox games.
The parents of those children are most likely not paying enough attention.
Sometimes there will be the person you come across who is swearing and bypassing the filter, allowing younger kids to see the swears or something equivalent to a swear.
You do come across some inappropriate scenes in certain games such as MeepCity and dance club games as well involving some adult stuff as well.
Robux can be expensive but it was always expensive so no surprises there.
There are also Adopt Me pet scam games, free robux scam games and your account could be warned, banned or deleted for literally anything as well.
You are also able to get hacked on Roblox via the sim swapping method which is where a hacker can contact your cell phone provider, pretend its you and get your number ported across to their SIM, allowing access to Roblox accounts and doing whatever they want, along with various other methods such as falling for the scam games or giving your password away.
There are some bad games.
i think that this game caan be dangous for kids under 13 becouse people can ask for you adress or other stuff it is a good game but tha is what i dont like
the game is starting to be filled with kids who only play roleplay games and dress up as slenders
Sure, there are games that let you curse.
Just don't play them!
When a character "dies" or resets, they just fall apart like legos, and respawn.
Oh, and the communication issues.
And alot of youtubers played and live streamed roblox and cmon retarded parents are trying to remove the game so my opinion is just stfu then if its a game ITS A GAME.
and after that they deleted Roblox and they didn't allow me to play it anymore.
anyway, the second problem is the mature content.
now let's talk about the next problem THE COMMUNITY,  each game has its own community and some are very family-friendly while some are way more messed up.
These toxic people that are rating roblox 1 star, The toxic people are just 6 years olds, I support you roblox, I’m sorry about the ugly haters.
Everyone in the world was playing kung fu
The feet were fired like bullets
In fact, it is worse then worthless, it consumes time and resources but returns no sales
You can play with a matching expert

Eran is an interesting Chinese house from chinatown
Debt and debt
It is an ancient Chinese art and it all comes together.
I understand why some people would say it has iffy/ inappropriate content but there are ways to fix that, like turning off chat so you can’t chat with others and they can’t chat with you.
Or simply just ignore the content,.
You can say stuff like ‘ugly’ though, and there are spam bots, which are very annoying.
First of all, parents, whats your problem?
The killing games, there not real!
Like stop over reacting!
Its not like your kids getting kidnapped.
Its not peppa pig.
I just have to say, stop overreacting, and let your kids play
So, I wouldn’t let a kid under 7 play the game.
There are some gun games, and violence, and sometimes people can find out how to curse even with the chat filter.
There can also be bullying like name-calling.
I was once called a very terrible name by someone, just because of a misunderstanding.
There is a 000000000000000000.1% chance of your kid seeing a predator on roblox if you were wondering.
Overall, I think it’s a great game but not my cup of tea.
Okay so i know what your thinking.. why on earth should roblox be a 9+ well, 1st up yes there are dodgy people on the website and games trying to get kids to type is the passwords but if your a more mature kid you won't do that.
There are people who use MILD (its not even that bad) language like 'noob' and 'stupid' for some that might not be bad but for most its mild.
There are games that make  'OOF' noises when you die but nothing major on blood and stuff.
Some parents think that some games like "Murder Mystery 2", "Jailbreak", "Piggy" and "Arsenal" are bad games for kids, but my mother thinks that it's okay to play if they know that the kid isn't gonna immatate the bad behavior in the future.If you are a child like me and you see another player doing something inappropriate or bad   in the game your playing,such as doing s*xual stuff with other players or bullying other players, report them and block them.There are many fun games to play and it has a wide va
P.S - If your child is playing "The Mimic", play with them, "The Mimic" is a horror game full of jumpscares and is very disturbing to children like me.
You parents need to stop overreacting its the highest played game on the platform and you parents are overreacting most of parents are litterly karens
You shouldn't let your children use Roblox because:
1 A bunch of inappropriate words in the chat
2 It doesn't save your progress at all
3 Some games that are not for kids at all (shooting and killing games)
it i sso bad, it always has connection issues, and you can getvirus they wont ever fix system they just blame it on the the players and the people who make the when in reality it is just thej robglx devs fault, dont paly this gamerbeage game.
Yes people can say bad stuff but if you are under 13 it blocks that so you can’t see, also you can tell your kids that if they do see anyone ask about personal information to not reply.
There are adds, pop ups and cookies.you can also die in the game.
So, yes there are *MANY* cons, including: Violence and swearing, Right?
Just disable chat, and make sure to literally just let them not play the bad games!
Just tell your kids it's a scam.
But parents should know that some games contain a heck ton of violence and/or blood.
No s*x or anything like that, unless some idiots find a way to cheat the system.
Some games that are not appropriate for Kids who can't have violence/blood include "Arsenal", "Entry Point", "Bad Business", and "Phantom Forces".
if someone is bullying you JUST BLOCK THEM.
and if someone hacked ya...............welp thats on you
Okay you have got to be kidding me!
If you aren’t okay with your kid playing games with consumerism, you might want to stop them from playing any tycoon game.
That chat is censored as well.
I've been playing for 4 years,and the moderation has always been a bit off.Please watch your child while playing,and if you think it's risky,please turn chat off.This reduces the risk of encountering a child predator,and it's extremely rare too.Sometimes reports don't go through.Parents tend to take one look at a news report and BOOM!They think it's dangerous.Some games spam you with gamepasses and try to scam you.All i'm saying is,be careful.
To wrap up my review,monitor your child while playing,and please take action if you think it is too risky.Don't blame roblox if you let a child predator has personal information about your child.Blame yourself.
Yeah some adult reviews are kinds false

1.Toxic kids: The majority of roblox players called ‘Slenders’ or ‘C&P’ are toxic and say things like “ez, NOOB, lol bad and other vile words”

2:Pedo’s 
Yeah this almost never happens unless you to go a game called scent cons... (don't go there unless u want to be a degenerate)

3:Noobs
Some noobs are either 1-Trolls or 2-Idiots.
I despise idiot noobs, in teamwork games it will be 10X harder to play because your teammates do absolutely nothing or camp major resource points (Mainly from Bedwars) ‘ROBLOX VERSION from Easy.gg’

TL,DR Roblox is a cool game but has some flaws like scammers and other rude people

Also why are you wasting your time looking at a 10 year old rambling about a lego game for 10 freaking minutes?
I also see some bad words being used in games.
i think roblox is horrible.
roblox is bad because i can't log into my account and i am 100% sure the username and password is correct.
when it doesn't log me in it says something like we are having trouble with logging you in.
and when i go on my computer and try to get help there is no answer for what i should do.
so that is why roblox is the worst game ever made.
I wanted to log into my account and I can't get back in because I don't have an email to put in so now I'm locked out thanks Roblox.
The chat filters out bad language, though you can still be mean in it, but the violence is very cartoonish and sex is pretty rare, though not excluded.
The only other concern I would have is that Roblox is quite bad for hacking, but it's still a very rare occurrence and usually doesn't leak private information.
Some players are rude, toxic and inappropriate.
Like when I ask people in the Roblox game MM2, they become toxic to me.
The players also swear a lot.
Also the chat filter is too strict.
Also the community became more toxic in recent years.
However, here comes the major downside and the reasoning behind me never really recommending ROBLOX to anyone.
The moderation system on roblox has been quite an issue for multiple years.
Mass bans, declined/thrown away appeals, almost irrational reasoning behind banning/terminating, you name it.
Roblox mods just seem to lack the passion for the game and the community, and are giving out punishments that are way too serious for the offense or are questionable.
Roblox itself doesn't seem to care too much, after all, they just need the money and the users right?
Well in a way, yes, as most firms are, roblox also needs money and to me all of this bullshit with the roblox moderation is just a way for roblox to exploit more money out of users.
Roblox has time to time shown its potential to be a great game and step it up into the "big league" of games, but due to its incompetent moderators it has set a big blunder on its reputation.
I honestly have no idea when roblox will fix this issue or if they will fix it at all, but until then, do be prepared to wake up seeing your account terminated with the reason of "offensive item: yes".
parents, just because your character falls apart when it resets doesnt mean its gore.
its not roblox's fault adopt me has scams and online daters.
the parents are only looking at the bad side of roblox.
if you dont want your child to be playing games like arsenal, tell them not to.
if your childs grades are dropping because of roblox, set a screen time limit for roblox instead of outright banning them from the laptop or phone or whatever.
just tell your kids to be safe around slenders and copy and pastes, as they can be really toxic and they online date.
A lot of people on the media like to focus on a few bad things that have happened.
the game have violence which i ignore.
A lot of comments I have seen are either incorrect, or people misunderstanding, so I'd like to clarify a few things.
First of all, roblox is entirely dependebt on the community, sure they might have bad moderation but it's probably a bit hard to moderate over half of the U.S's child population.
Second, I've seen many people talk about swearing and bullying, but there's a setting that lets you turn off the chat feature (to acess it click the gear in the top right corner and go to privacy).
Third, people complain about sexual content (which isn't roblox fault if you can remember the first thing I said.)
MONITORING YOUR CHILD.
Anyways, last but absolutely not least, people complain about people not recieving robux, (which again isn't roblox's fault) that's called a glitch, not a scam.
The problem is about the older kids bashing young kids about playing this game.
Another problem is the pricing.
Like c'mon $10 for 800 robux?
Kinda sad.
Free robux websites and apps can put viruses in you phone or pc.
Con's: 
Occasional Hackers
Robux is payed which can send wrong message.
stop being idiots and dont helicopter them.
Roblox isn't actually as bad as most parents make it out to be.
But, there is a bad side to it, though it makes up the minority of the platform.
There are "condo" games, which aren't child friendly and bypass moderation, but they barely exist anymore.
The only reason I rated it age 9 and up was because of that, and scamming (which is quite popular on Adopt Me, but also occurs on the site.
Some websites scam you into thinking you get free Robux, which is Roblox's in-game currency, but in reality they're just survey websites that waste your time and sometimes even steal your personal info or install malware on your computer).
I believe that a 9 year old who is aware of these problems would be mature enough to not go onto these websites and not fall for Adopt Me scams.
If there is a kid reading this, then just keep this in mind: you can't get free Robux, or free pets/currency in games like Adopt Me.
Security is also slightly flawed.
Recently I've seen some videos on devs getting SIM-swapped, which means someone getting your personal info and calling your phone/SIM provider whatchamacallit and acting like you to get access to your Roblox account before stealing everything on your account.
There are also some rude people in games, but if you encounter one, just click on their name in the leaderboard and click "block user" or type in the chat "/mute (rude person's username)" and you won't be able to see their chat messages, and if you block them they can't join your game.
Don't try and find those condo games since going to them will (most likely) get you banned from Roblox.
Don't click on any suspicious links or try and open pictures from their original link from third-party websites like Discord, since some people on there have a malicious intent and the link to the image can be a .xss link, which injects some malicious code into Roblox and could potentially compromise your account.
On concerns: 
While Roblox has a strict policy on profanity, drugs, and racism, that sadly doesn't stop everyone.
The swearing is prevented, but I have found a few problem (you can say the f word if you replace the U with an A).
I have found that if you do encounter the rare racist or jerk person, he is promptly reported and kicked.
The worst thing that happened was that I was hacked on m account a few years back and Roblox did nothing about it, I did not give away my password either like some kids are foolish to do, but they have gotten better and have learned to censor that too, I believe.
I'm kind of over it though because by now I know its too late for Roblox to fix m profile, all my clothes that i had and my remaining rubux was gone, just like that.
I miss the old days as well when roblox cafes were popular, some still are but its very few, I even own some groups, with whole cafes, and admin in the game, just haven't been able to get them back up again.
I understand parents want to keep their kids safe, but Roblox isn't the monster parents make it out to be.
I mean, there's many instances of poor moderation, like a not to long ago, back in early-mid 2020 a moderator got bribed for access to the moderation panel.
I think they should have moderation be more region based, a player can easily be banned by a moderator from a different country due to language barriers.
Roblox has it's issues, like it's toxic community (however, that can be said about any internet community) scammer, hackers and poor moderation and other issues that need to be addressed.
There is one thing I am a little concerned about...Online daters, commonly known as oders.
They are kids that pretend to have girlfriends and boyfriends.
There is no violence, just your character falling into pieces while making an "Oof" sound.
if the game makes your kid do something stupid its not the games fault its your fault as a parent.
But the servers sometime crash,  But it is not a big of an issue any more.
The reason why I think its for kids 10+ is because there are some violent games and sometimes people swear.
So Roblox is a great site, but there are some downsides/safety concerns.
i was on a game on roblox and some dude hacked the game, he kicked everyone out except me, they muted me and threatened to track my ip and rape me.
I left the game terrified.
I went on an alt  account to keep playing Roblox and they somehow knew it was me and harassed me on every game.
I eventually left Roblox after reporting them for the 5th time and nothing happened.
Over all Roblox is great, but its some of the people on there that need to be banned who ruin it for everyone.
First off, I play roblox and still does but not that much anymore (most game innit are lazily made and will always have bug lol).
As the title said, the problem with this 'game' (you can call it a client or whatever) is that there's too much dirty minded lil child.
Why is this a problem?
Well you see, those dirty minded children would make a game like 'scented con' or sometime they would bypass the system just to make these kind of inappropriate online dating game.
Roblox can't detect it because they frequently make a new server once Roblox ban the game.
Not only that, this 'game' is also full of pedophile.
They usually bait children by asking them to add as friend and make them join certain game.
All of this can make your child a dirty minded bastard.
So I can't recommend this game to any children or teen younger than 16.
ROBLOX is really that bad and here is why.
Usually the people who write 18+ ROBLOX reviews are Karens who are cruel and overprotective of their kid.
What I'm trying to get at here is that ROBLOX isn't that much of a bad game, it's just the people who create the games can either make or break the child.
So beware of some games (I'm sounding like a Karen and I apologize).
um so i go on game and it has innapropate so shud no plae.
srry
They are a reputably poor service, but I would still advise reaching out to them if something goes wrong in your child’s experience on Roblox.
Swearing is not the only thing that tags- words and phrases like “age,” “I hate you,” “sucks,” and “going to kill” all become tags for accounts thirteen and under.
Along with this, inappropriate things (e.g.
Roblox has a some problems, there is a chance of finding inappropriate content.
Since users are allowed to create their own custom generated game, there is a chance players will use this power for evil.
These games usually get taken down quick, and games like these can be reported.
There can be inappropriate chats, but chats can be disabled in the settings.
The security of Roblox is not that great, but it shouldn't be a problem if your child isn't a successful developer on Roblox.
It is very easy to get hacked on Roblox, remind your child to stay off of 3rd party websites if someone in game tells you to go to a 3rd party website.
butt... the only problem is that things in the avatar shop that are super expensive like 1,000,000 robux.
People with create all different ways to curse they need more safety.
there is a lot of bullying and it can make people feel really bad about them selfs.
violence, there are so many games that include blood guns killing and more one game you jump off a cliff and start bleeding and try breaking all your bones and get a concussion.
Most games are very disappointing i wouldn't bother playing again.
Nice platform and so, but some games can be hijacked and spammed with bad stuff, and some games are violent.
Also the community is completely retarded.
Lots of toxic people and online daters.
Too much things you have to pay real money for.
Also lots of hackers.
Kids/Teens can say Hell, and may be offensive to some families.
Some games have 6/10 violence like piggy, it has blood and I wouldn't recommend that game for 10+ unless your chilld is mature and can handle it.
It starts to become a big thing in life to children and you should probably set a time limit with only on weekends before it becomes a big problem and they cannot handle it.
Messages - The messages are NOT great.
Most of the time they aren't detailed to the fact they are realistic.
If your a parent who dosent want blood or knives and guns you should block Piggy, Murder Mystery Two, Traitor and other games like that.
You can actually get banned from saying things like that.
Swearing - Swearing can happpen here and there on the platform People will say curse words by bypassing the chats filter.
The best way to deal with this is to turn off chat before they start playing.
Inappropriate games: If you want to avoid these you can just not play these games such as, Meepcity, Brookhaven, Bloxburg, etc.
Violence: Don't be an overprotective parent.
Jailbreak gets hate however, only young ones don't know well.
Scams: I saw someone call out Roblox for something not their fault.
They blame Roblox for those items being gone.
Cons: Easily avoidable inappropriate settings.
I don't think you should give this to a little kid because they don't know well enough and they will probably buy something without permission.
i like but it gets boring and you find weird thing so yah
•Yes, you can purchase Robux, if you don't like this 
   side of Roblox, just don't let your kids purchase 
   them.
THIS GAME IS SO DISCUSTING THERE IS SO MUCH SEXUALL STUFF AND THERE LITTERLY STUFF THAT CAN KILL PEOPLE LIKE GUNS KNIFES AND PLUS THERES HOROR GAMES JUST MAKE THESE GAMES AND STUFF GONE ITS HORIFFYING AND DISCUSTING JUST STOP THISS.
and now i only have 1.4 million.
But there are a few woes and bad stuff to it

1.
Copy and pastes/slenders, aka online daters
These guys look ugly, normally wearing lots of hairs and  a stitchface.
They do really nasty stuff and make really awful games.
They were rude to me a lot so avoid copy and pastes.
Inappropriate games.
Games like "Hugging Hangout" or "Copy and paste hangout" etc involve heavy inappropriate actions.
I will not explain how DISGUSTING these games are but avoid them kiddos, teens and adults!
Predators
People will look for a partner but then it turns out to be a fat 70 year old man or whatever.
Please monitor your kid for this stuff so yeah.
Bad moderation
Unlike parent reviews, roblox has bad moderation.
You will say yes and get warned for it (happened to me) or upload BF and GF from friday night funkin and get warned but people who swear and do disgusting behavior do not get banned.
(Under 10 kids tend to be annoying and rude too, so check their chat.)
Though, there is a problem with inappropriate content on the site.
To fix this, you can make your child's account
there is some violence in the game like exploding towers and stuff but its nothing to graphic.
The website is made for mature peoples that don't click on randoms ads of violents games or guns games.
There is robux buy (wich you child can EASLY accses on the home page) that costs alot so if your child buys robux without your permission, say bye bye to 150 $$$.
Lots of online dating and abusive and hatful and other stuff.
For example, one time some one blamed all thier problems on me and another thretand to find my IP.
Honesly, not a great game.
Some of the games can be scary or inappropriate but you can simply report the game and they will remove it.
For those of you who think roblox is bad for your child you are completely wrong.
HACKERS ARE IN THIS GAME.
MY SISTER AND I GOT INTO A FIGHT ABOUT ROBLOX.
STUPID GAME NEVER EVER PLAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
stupid parents and news channels think things never change cause they think its violence when its just a cartoon and think that hacking is a problem when its insanely rare now since the only hacks that people even use are speed and flying hacks so remember this is super rare to happen now in 2020-2021
Some cons though is automatic Roblox moderation bans, inappropriate content creators, swearing, and hacking.
If the chat is “tOxIC” then just turn it off from your settings.
Now it’s literally full of inappropriate content in the game not like the old Roblox, Old roblox is better people didn’t swear they don’t online date.
Now it’s just full of toxic people, Rule 34 which is the inappropriate things, Swearing and exploiting that ruins the game
There are users cursing or bypassing the filter chat every online game.
There are users that try to curse in the online chat but in most cases it is to no avail and it filters as hashtags.
Usually, filter chat works too well and sometimes whenever you are trying to say something normal it hashtags it out.
While there are violent games in Roblox it is nothing more than red puddles around blocks of your child’s avatar.
When your character dies, it falls apart, like a lego falling apart.
And the rumors that ROBLOX gets hacked often is completely untrue.
But there are some people on roblox who make inappropriate games and try to bypass filters.
If you're child is in elementary I would recommend you turn off the chat.
Overall, good game but a bad community.
I dont even know if you can call them outbreaks even though.
There is a few games you need to watch out for though, there are a few bad apples called "Condo games".
These are games to where you can do sexually explicit things with other players.
Only downside is that there are some games with a ton of pop-ups, and if you don’t what you are doing, you could accidentally purchase something.
I don't see anything disturbing, eye catching, or in appropriate about this game given the fact that I've been playing for a good 4-5 YEARS.
Such as blood and gore.
Parents: My strong advice to you: If you have a small child who plays Roblox, try to monitor what their activity is, and if it's disturbing... Get them off immediately.
It can by dangerous and theres a lot of bullys but you can easily block them.
However kids may want robux and get mean over it so be careful
I have indeed been called names or bullied on Roblox but it is the internet and the internet isnt always sunshine and rainbows and there is a feature where you can block people if they are being mean or annoying.
please be careful though, inform your child not to go onto nonroblox sites other players tell them to; there is many scambots.
and some people bypass the chat filter, but that isn't roblox's fault
And I stopped playing around a year ago.
Honestly I don't like this game and there are so many better ones out there.
For all the helicoptor parents, or the ones that only allow like 30 minutes or have screen time at all
Grow up and learn that your child too is a person.
You aren't helping no one by doing so.
Roblox is easily for ages 8 and up, but anything after 14 and honestly, people of that age start loosing interest, people outgrow things.
So no, your child isnt going to be requested of nude pictures anytime soon.
Also there is a censorship thing in game which annoys the crap out of everyone.
Some people complain certain roblox  games  being too voilent but those games weren't  intended for children to play and were aimed at the adults that play it.
Parents also say that the chat is too toxic but any social media platform that has a chat will be toxic like facebook and youtube.
There are scammers, which either post suspicious links in the chat, or invite random strangers to join a game in which you have to type in your password.
There are moderators who nearly instantly crack down and ban scam games and scammers, and other types of indiviuals breaking the roblox Terms Of Service (Sorta like rules.
now bad side.
Places to watch out for these creeps are hangouts.
( Bonus: There is a game called furry hunting simulator) Im suspecting Roblox didnt get rid of these ODERS because a lot of them spend money on Robux, the currency to make themselves look nice, and if course Roblox wants cash.
You cant earn robux for free, and that makes kids under five go to scam sites that well, scam YOU out of your money, or just your child's Roblox account if you got lucky.
Also lots of people bypass the chat filter using hacks.
THE PEOPLE ON ROBLOX RUINED EVERYTHING!!!
I will admit here, that ROBLOX does have a pretty toxic community, people use the word NOOB as an insult, so either click their username on the leaderboard to your top right and click the ''block'' button, so you don't have their messages.
ROBLOX does have some violent games but not always, the only games I recommend you do not show your kids until they are at least 10 or higher, are- Murder mystery 2- Piggy all chapters- Arsenal- DA hood- and games where you break out of jail.
Many other games besides these do not have blood, just a health bar, and your character falls apart and respawns if they die.
People like to sell addicting gamepasses that cost ROBUX, ROBUX cost real money.
Only buy them 400 if they beg and do what you need them to do.
Some games like arsenal and murder mystery have killing, and there is no blood in games, but if you don't want your kid playing these games, don't let them play it.
If you think a child will date someone, then tell them to only be in a "family" with their friends.
Robux costs money.
If you suddenly get charged money from roblox even though you didn't pay for it, your child probably bought it.
if you think people will make fun of your child and call them a noob, 1. tell your child to not care,2.
it is the internet, 3. if you think that getting called a noob will ruin your child's life, don't let them be on the internet.
You can report anything on roblox, and if someone is bullying, report and block.
Yes, there are oders and hackers, but you can report them.
I know there can be cons to Roblox like maybe an adult is joining a game and asking personal questions but a way to fix that is either don't answer, leave the game, report them, or if its getting too far turn off chat mode from your privacy settings.
Also swearing shouldn't be a problem because if Roblox thinks your typing something inappropriate it will give tags.
DUDE THIS SWEATY 3 YEAR OLD KILLED ME IN PIGGY BUT HE WAS HACKING LIKE BROOOOOOOO THEY SHOULD BAN HACKERS AND THEN IN JAILBREAK I WAS ROBBING A MEUSEOM AND THEN THIS WEIRD KID JUST WENT AND SHOT ME FOR NO RESON!!!!!!
DONT BUY IT PLZPLZPLZPLZPLZPLZ U JUST DIE AND THEN U RAGE AN D BRAK UR PC DONT BUY PLEASE DONT BUY THE GAME D:
I just find it somewhat annoying that you have to pay real money for a ton of stuff, for example, the Dominus Empyreus is more expensive than a freaking house!
Also, I feel like Roblox does need to work on their Safety and Privacy, as although they have two step verification, that doesn't work on things like XBox, allowing hackers to get into your account, I've already had one account banned for no reason, and another one hacked.
Look, I know that there are scammers out there, and there are hackers, but some of you parents are really STUPID!
I know I am only 16, but I saw some of your reviews and I thought they were REALLY dumb and stupid.
First, I want to tell you that 3/8 of the angry reviews out there are just kids angry that their Roblox account got banned from stealing their parent's credit card.
Third, the website does not hacked, in fact it has NEVER GOTTEN HACKED, you parents are just plain STUPID, Fourth, nobody gives a SHIT to know your credit card got hacked, it is just some stupid hacker, NOT ROBLOX!!!
Last, do not listen to those stupid parent reviews you can OBVIOUSLY tell if the review is fake.
The ONE thing about roblox that you should worry about is censorship.
Roblox has some of the worst censorship of any platform, but if your kid plays only well-developed games and games they trust, they should be fine

oh yeah, and NEVER EVER join a game that has the title Sent_Cons or something along those lines.
You may experience some infuriating levels sometimes tho.
Then when I try to find new games, there is A LOT of games to choose and it is difficult for me to decide.
But beware, do not share your personal information to anyone as they can hack your account and the main problem in roblox is the microtransactions in games such as Adopt Me, Jailbreak, Mad city and so on.
People in roblox can make their character completely naked and some games have blood and gore and there are some scary games and in some games u can play in a bar
Some of these parents are just confused.
Roblox can't do refunds because you can't send them the money back and they can't take robux out of your account.
The inappropriate stuff is extremely rare now.
4 stars because some things cost lot of robux and you can not make t shirts or adds or groups for free and you need 1000 robux to  change usrename
It's for kids cuz you cant curse it will censor it fully there might be some s*x games but 1 day or 2 it will get deleted.
at first it seems like a decent game that allows you to socialize and learn new things, however, if you dig too deep, you can find all sorts of iffy things, such as overly violent or sexual games, people bypassing the filter and substance use.
you may also encounter, but the chances are low, scammers, dangerous people or predators.
I saw a game about demon pets that could fly, and another about evil peppa pig characters violently murdering players, it was horrible and this youtuber I think it's something like kre let's just call them Forrest so uh Forrest is evil making content based on these demon games I don't like it.
So for those who say it has no educational value, you'd be incorrect.
There's the obvious, getting people to give away their password, but do talk to your kids saying why they should not do this because many people will not hesitate to ask for your kids password.
There are bypassed swear words, but if you don't want your children seeing them, put their age as under 13, then, essentially all swear words will tag.
however there can be some creepy people as almost all online websited have.
If your a parent and say no to Robux, It will often lead to tears.
But why does my child want Robux so bad?
There is some violence in games like ''Murder mystery 2'' Where if you are innocent, You hide from the murderer, If your sheriff, You kill the murderer, But if you're the murderer, You either run around with a gun shooting people Or you get a knife where you stab people.
There is blood.
Piggy is not far from very scary, Where these Animals kill you with weapons if you don't escape.
All the parent who says there is swearing, I just heard a voice from hashtags say to the parents ''Am I a joke to you?''
Please do NOT online date.
there are a few bugs where it randomly freezes your camera, But those are pretty rare.
The only things I dont like about Roblox is Right now the games are a little bland so it gets a little boring at some points, and the amount of bots/scammers make sure your kid does not go to any of the fishy websites as they will steal your account.
And roblox has a huge tax fee for when you put items up for sale that cost robux it is 30%.
The thing is that there are ODERS (Online Daters) and they might try to get your kid to inappropriately role play with them.
But this isnt all the best it can be a bit non user friendly with the amount of in app purchases to do anything and 18+ games that slip past the roblox moderation.
Sometimes, that is dangerous.
there are some games that are for 18+ and some for 5+ 
here's an example of a 18+ game, it is called bloody battle and it contains more "ketchup" than needed and when you chop people's heads off you can see insides.
would not recommend this game for people under the age of 18.
The reason is alot of people online date in those games which is very dangerous.
Also in the game Roblox uses hashtags which puts hashtags for any bad words or sexual comments.
For example with curse like f---k they usually say stuff like 4ock or with b--ch they usually say biss.
Also in games they have some blood but thats only in games like "Da hood" Which is like a gangster game where you act like ur apart of a gang so you also want your kids to avoid that if they arent mature enough.
Just be aware of these things that I will mention here:
Scam games and websites DO exist, do not get fooled by so called "Free Robux and/or Premium", and use common sense, because somethings might look too good to be true, Roblox staff would NEVER ask you for your credentials, if you find something too good to be true, it most likely is, plus people make these scam games, for example: If you see a game on Roblox saying if you buy a game pass from that game you will get rare pets in Adopt Me, tell your kid i
There are scammers on the site (I mentioned that earlier) looking to steal your robux, limiteds or just your account altogether, locking you out of your account with a password change and a change to the connected email address, finally, we get to toxic individuals, who just want your attention and just generally ruin your day.
Keep in mind that there is a clear line between "Trolling" and "Being Toxic", so if you find your child being rude in-game for no reason whatsoever, they might just be toxic, and you should speak to your child about it.
I think that kids under the age 8 should not play roblox without supervision because they can be scammed very easily.
There are also scary games on roblox that might terrify your kids.
However, his attempts are thwarted and he resorts to using an ancient Stone Mask which transforms him into a vampire with his sights now set on world domination.
Roblox is a bad game.
It often is just a gateway to losing your money and wasting it.
Their often is online bullying, hacking, racism, and rudeness.
DO NKT PLAY OR LET YOUR KIDS PLAY THIS!!
I know what you're thinking, "OMG IT'S LIVE, IT'S BAD FOR KIDS!"
hello y'all so theres something parents should be understanding roblox has some inappropriate games there's some that says "cuss "or "swear" here but roblox blocks curse words.
ok next is "violence" so yea you pass by your child and hear gun noises or like knife sounds or instead of that screaming.
Yea you get worried and get mad at the  person/company for the harm but actually it's just an oof sound and all body parts fall on the ground but that's not violence yea knife and guns are REALLY bad for your child but guess what?
So there are games that have blood but some of them you can enable the blood thing for those who don't like it.
Some kids get jealous because other kids or their friends INCLUDING ME, To be honest dome of roblox clothing, faces ,etc are kinda boring... Well i guess thats it hope y'all parents understand And for me I think it's alright i really like it how it is
roblox is fun and all but it does not allow u to say numbers or cerin words i dont like that.
and i got banned for three days even thogh i did not do anything wrong.
Payed for robux but didnt get any.
Hashtags stupid things like "Girl" or "The" Maybe even "i"
Well, Yes that is true.
Scammers and hackers are not getting banned
Some are, I was banned from bloxburg for hacking but anyways, That is wrong.
They are haha, My friend got banned for 3 days because we both got in an argument with trollers.
Sad thing is that it banned her, but they were the ones who were being rude.
Verification system isn't working correctly
I have to say this one is comepletly true.
If you check the button for not having to do it for 30 days, It doesnt work.
Also, The verification for logging in, Sometimes it doesnt work.
Private chat bugs
This isnt a problem because its exetremly easy to fix.
Just private chat someone else and get out of it.
Its because your device is old or your internet is bad.
However if this is happening on pc, Aside the internet issues, Then your pc if most likely old

7.
Game bugs
Im comepletly offended by this.
If there is a bug in your game you have no right to write a review for roblox about it, If there is a bug in a certain game contact the developer of the game.
Roblox didnt create That game.
There may be a few bugs but thats because its highly detaiIled.
Turn your graphics quality down if theres a problem, If there still is a problem then contact Callmebob (Or developer of certain game).
Everything costing robux in the catalog
If your gonna write a review about this then get more information.
About the robux, It doesnt let you make it free because the game needs money.
(My own problem) Clothing fee for 10 robux
Not gonna lie, I hate this update.
I understand because now you dont need premium to create clothing but still, This is gonna bring down many clothing designers including me.
If you dont get your robux on the 1st day of the month, Wait.
This is your problem.
You chose to do this.
If it doesnt work dont get mad, because thats normal.
That way your child is alone in the game and not able to talk to strangers.
You can go into other games made by the players, but some of the games can be made by pedos, so be careful.
2.if your kid is reaching age 8-10 then the game is going to get really boring.I know this cuz i used to play but i quit around 9 yrs old.
oh and one more thing if your kid is begging for robuks which cost real money just try not to get it i mean COME ON you are parents (if there are parents reading this) you know how to deal with things like this.
(Roblox itself shouldn't be called a 'Game'.
Cons:
 - Some people may be bad.
If someone asks for your age, you shouldn't try it.
Types of bad people online:
         - People that swear.
Like 'Sh0t' or 
            even worse words.
If you see a person like that, try reporting (I'll 
            talk about it in a while)
        - People that ask for personal info.
The chat filter blocks numbers 
           too (and it may be annoying sometimes) but try your best not to 
           give it away.
Not all people 
           online are bad.
And 
           banning them from playing won't really solve the problem (really).
These types 
           of people are rare (in my opinion).
I met only 1 person asking for my age (I 
           started playing 3 years ago but didn't really talk to anyone, and now know 
           more on how Roblox and it's community works) I, of course didn't give them 
           my age, reported them, and left the game.
At this point I feel that something is off.
I'd rather not tell you.
Leave this person (me) alone.
Reporting and moderation:

The report system on Roblox rarely works.
The automatic report system may break sometimes, causing false warning and banning.
An example of it is that I tried uploading a pitch black shirt to Roblox, it got removed, and I got warned.
For being 'inappropriate'?
I don't get it.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consumerism.
However, there are scammers in the games who will try to steal your account and ask you personal info.
There are also some people who will bypass the chat moderation and swear.
My Account Got Deleted Cause I Am Premium!!!
I Had Activated 2 Step Verification..  Roblox Has 0% of Verification An Kid Got Jealous And He Emailed Roblox Support To Delete My Account As He Pretended To Be My Parent.
Roblox Did Not Used Common Sense And Deleted My Account I Did Not Even Got My Refund For Premium.
I Don't Recommend Play Roblox With Least Security.
A lot of the times they can say bad things, but listen, I HAVE A FIX!
there are some online daters and hackers remember: if someone asks for your password, say a random gibberish but not your real password example "my password is 46545634A23e47"
This is also where the flaws begin.
There is virtually no way to get in contact with any living person outside of an email form, and their call lines are nothing more than a front for their online support form.
There has been no response or amendment to said issue.
Support practically doesn't exist, and when it's offered it is nothing more than lazy blow-off responses that don't help solve any issues that a user may be experiencing.
It's a rather important part of running a site in this genre, and considering how lacking the support on this site is, there's a large hole in their system.
Simply due to how useless their moderation is, I would never recommend getting involved or paying money for anything on this platform as hyperactive moderation has a large chance of deleting it without any review or amendment.
I give the game 4 stars instead of 5 for the toxic players.
TO MY SISTER BECAUSE GIRLS CAN'T PLAY GAMES!
I'm very Disappointed at Roblox it suckz so bad!!!!!!!!!
Why did this People make this game full of CRAP?
I been playing ROBLOX for about 3 years and it was a great game but then these players called oders just raided the game and me me not happy at all.
There is this not popular game called club iris and the game is kind of fun with sword fights in it but there are a lot of oders in the game and it makes me die.
Over all, these oders always do inappropriate stuff  to other people in the game and i always report them but it said that roblox does not ban oders because they buy robux and the money they pay for robux gives roblox it and that made me think that why do these oders do these really inappropriate stuff?
This means, too much iffy stuff.
But there are some games that are too violent for younger kids.
There are some online dater games, swearing and some trolls.
Sometimes Roblox cost alot of money for premium and roboux.
Nope, your wrong.
It can also be inappropriate with things NOT suitable for kids 12+.
If you don't know what a "Roblox condo" is, its basically a Roblox game that Trollers make that bypasses the Roblox guidelines, and it has actual sex in it!!
With words starting with, "biss, to words like "phuq," kids can swear on there.
There IS a dark side to everything.
Sure, there are games with murder, but some games aren't so graphical!
Lots of those stuff are fake.
CONS:

If you feel like your child shouldn't be near violent games, then roblox may be a bad choice unless you monitor every game they go on.
People exaggerate hacking incidents a lot whether it's on roblox or not.
Truth is not many hacks are occurring that can take an account or show inappropriate things like nudity.
There is some games that is not appropiate for people under 13 e.g jojo games (Because unlike any 16+ anime, it goes beyond violence, like the ultraman anime is very mild in violence.
and if your child watches it, punish him or something idk)
also beat up simulator and horror games
And 90 percent of the time unless your avatar looks classic but has no robux they will bully you.
Few younger kids can take video games truly.
I've been on roblox for 3 years and all I've seen are people dating online, gun games and swearing even if some words are censored out kids are smart, they use spaces between each words or they use another letter to replace a word such as 'kisses you' into 'kiz zes you' .
though there are some issues.
#3, There are a lot of scam bots on roblox that says things like: Go to (scam website) for free bux!
the way these scam bots work is sorta complicated but, they basically steal your info my saying you can get free robux and linking a site that can already see alot of info, but even worse, they ask you to verify that you are a human by comepleting a survey that asks for your ADDRESS.
And your email, and your phone number, and your zip code, so please, tell your kids not to believe any of that.
But we all know that there are some kids that just go around free robux scams, and then waste 1000 dollars on their moms/dads credit card.
Never have i ever got into a scam or anything like that.
Reports not so much, for an example 1 report means nothing to them.
But if u have around 10 or 20 reports on a player they will get banned.
And yes there are people who sneak around swear words putting in @$#%# somewhere around the word for an example f!
Not letting ur kid play it because of predators, i understand but just disable the chat.
ALSO MODERATE UR CHILD BECAUSE ROBLOX WILL NOT MODERATE EVERY SINGLE PLAYER THAT IS SNEAKING IN SWEAR WORDS OR EVEN GETTING PRIVATE INFORMATION.!
The community is just a whole clusterf**k of toxicity that I cannot escape.
Sure, Roblox takes no hesitation to remove things that violate guidelines, but the checks are just too weak.
People in this game say things like "Go commit die" = "Go kill yourself", "Rail me" = "Let's have s*x", and says bad words, homophobic/transphobic, and racial slurs by adding accent marks to bypass the censoring system.
The bullying is also out of control as well in this game and those players end up getting away with it!
That's why I don't play this game that much except with friends.
And for the parents who are reading this, please tell your children not to play this hell hole of a game.
so i would not recommend for younger kids 

some "problems"with roblox are :
inappropriate games / players
parents if you are reading this: Yes there are inappropriate games on roblox put you should not worry.
the next day I went to go look at the game and roblox moderates had taken to down, if your kid tries to swear it will be hash tagged out for example the s word would look like this: ####.
also if your worried and "creepy old men" targeting your child dont be all the online daters are bored 9 year olds.
if you are still worried about your kids meeting weird people you can always find a game a purchase a private server which only the owner can use.
also you DO NOT need to buy your kid robux
the condo games ruin it ;-;
However, even with Roblox attempting to keep the program safe, the game itself is a bit shady.
These people may try to break into your account.
This becomes a big problem when you have Robux (aka Roblox money, purchased with real money).
Recently, I had trouble getting into my account.
I contacted Roblox support, and they said they couldn’t help me unless I have a phone number or email linked to my account.
I was frustracted since this wasn’t required when I signed up.
They could have helped me when I contacted them, but they chose not to, which is very sketchy.
Like other online games, look out for mean players in the chat.
Roblox tags numbers and inappropriate language, but the system isn’t perfect.
Don’t buy Robux, chances are you’ll be more likely to get scammed

3.
Watch out for bad language in the chat
ONE downside to it is that some people can be rude to you, people have called my brothers "bots" or they "stuck" (roblox way of suck).
Just go to settings and turn chat off for that kid.
If you are worried about your child's exposure to this, just turn off chat!
Violence is always part of a game like Roblox.
Not all of the games have violence.
Not all of the games have people swearing at eachother.
I personally hate scary games but will play cutesy or niceish games.
This game should come as a concern to some parents with online play, it is a hotspot for "cat-fishers" because you can literally pretend to be whoever you want and join whatever game you want with whoever you want, so you don't know who you are playing with.
#1 Buy some Robux just in case but do not sign up for monthly subscriptions, they are rip-offs and waste your money.
#3 if your child is sensitive or has a sensitive imagination like I do, do not play bad games.
they are not appropriate and definitely don't go searching for scary games on Roblox because you don't know what might pop up.
I played this game as a little kid, all of these “sexual acts” common sense says there are, they don’t exist!
There are no chat filter games, but you have to search for them, the guns are about as inappropriate as a Nerf gun, if you won’t let your kids play this, that’s just sad.
Well, the title tells all, you cant play innapropriate roblox games unless you searched for it
You can make friends and have fun while playing roblox games BUT like most multiplayer games there will be people who are trying to bypass the chat filter and do bad stuff also there is roblox currency that you have to buy with real dollars and it's kind of expensive
Let your kid play it if theyre 10+
The only downside is that there are not closing hours so your kids could be up at night  playing Roblox.
its a good Game but there is a few bugs in it
You should let your children have Roblox!
Your account can get hacked there are a lot of scammers.
This game has made me self harm multiple times.
Don't let your kids play this.
Because some games have lots of violence.
Roblox has a lot of censorship, but they usually censor the wrong words.
I saw a kid swearing by doing f*ok or something.
I have seen child predator's, but those are very rare.
There are bullies but most of the bullies are roleplay bullies, so it's not very problematic.
There are a lot of toxic people in the roblox community, but most of them are on twitter.
A lot of role players use depression and drugs as a quirky thing, and it's quite disgusting, but you can overlook that if you just leaves the servers that have those kinds of people.
Roblox's moderators don't look at reports.
But I have a feeling most of my reports have not been seen, or they just do not care.
It's toxic, but fun.
It has a lot of inappropriate things.
Most of those things come from the players, but it's roblox's fault for not doing anything about those kinds of players.
I think you should only let mature children that can be mindful online play.
But now that there are more players, it's quite toxic and unsafe for young children.
I love this game and screw all strict, dumbass parents that stupidly ban Roblox in their house and think that "it's violent".
1.Dont play free robux games and enter your password
2.DONT give your password to anyone even if its your family members
3.idk i forgot the 3rd way
4?.same with the 3rd
also there is good messages,but too much violence.
Bullying, bypass, and getting scammed are common things that happen.
If your child asks for robux, the in game currency that costs real money, buy around 1000 robux for them and never buy it again.
Just so that they dont get bullied as much for being "poor."
Tell them to never use robux generators.
They ask for your username and password and, in the end, they steal your account.
In fact, anything that includes free giveaways that require your password, you shouldn't trust.
In the settings, there are some things to make it more complicated to be hacked such as dealing with a verification number that will be sent to your email or dealing with a four digit pin when changing your settings.
If there are links saying "hey come play this game with me" and shows a scam game, change your password immediately.
I was a person that almost got completely hacked.
All my progress in games would be lost and all my Robux too.
Some of the games are more violent, which I think kids reached 9 can play!
If you don’t want your child chatting people go to settings and turn it off.
You may think OMG THATS UNSAFE but you can stop that by going to settings and turning off “friending” or you can not allow them to friend anyone they don’t know irl (In real life) that’s what I do.
Be careful when using this 

That’s all I have to say about Roblox!
These games don't stay up for longer then three hours.
I have never seen anything in Roblox that has traumatized me for life, after all these are only lego-like characters.
Here is an example of a few bypasses: bitch = biche, ass = w/ass, f**k = f4, you get the idea.
I don't think I would be the same person I was today without this game and people on it.
Roblox is a amazing game but some very bad stuff is on that website.
and the creator didn't want it to be eating glue instead they made it look very inappropriate that people that are over 18 should only see.
to much inappropriateness, to much adult content i see a hella games with adult content admin abuse i know roblox very well i play ALL day but cussing alcohol.
if i get banned for this its because i exposed those games that make some kids see what their not supposed to see.
They make it so accounts with users under the age of 13 do not have access to features that they shouldn't be using, such as voice chat, which is still to be released but might not even be accessible to accounts under the age of 18.
However, if your child somehow gets well-known on Roblox, the risk of them getting hacked is extremely high.
Hackers are always finding new ways to hack innocent people, but if nobody notices your child's account everything should be okay.
Parents, chat can be disabled by you so your child won't talk to strangers.
For example, there is too much consumerism.
Not talking to strangers or anything like that, but we're talking HACKING.
If your child somehow gets well-known on Roblox, the risk of them getting hacked is extremely high.
Hackers are always finding new ways to hack innocent people, but if nobody notices your child's account everything should be okay.
like this game is good, but y'all being like its dangerous.
LIKE ITS NOT 13+ GOSH
But Roblox does a pretty bad job moderating content.
Things that seem innocent aren’t and there are some pretty bad games out there.
Because if you keep your kid pent up in a pen there entire childhood there not going to have any fun.
Roblox is an amazing platform and all the years ive been on it ive seen some bad things.
Giving someone they dont even know in game money they worked for.
The types of games could be obstacle courses or life simulators or a thing called a tycoon but be warned that there can be scam games and iffy games like that one thing that i don't like about it is that if your account gets hacked or stolen then it's not really likely to get it back ALTHOUGH you can link an email to the account so that you can sign in with your email and get it back.
I wouldn't be surprised if Roblox's motto was 'your safety is not our problem'.
good but easy to hack little kids
LET YOUR CHILDREN STAY UP ALL NIGHT PLAYING ROBLOX!
Some games are 7+ while some would be 12+ since there is some violence and blood in just SOME games.
But there is still other issue that I think what scares a lot parents away is the safety of the platform, problems like bully, and oding is a big problem in roblox and should be avoid to younger audience.
But it goes contain violence and blood.
The chat filter isn’t really that good it tags way to much words like secret for example, it also does not censor bypassed swear words like badass for example.
well, there are some "over-protective" parents that won't let you play this, but its kid friendy.
I gave this a 4 star review because of 1 kind of thing, S C A M M E R S, not the threats, not the little cubes of blood, THE SCAMS.
Scammers have attacked way more since 2021.
here are some target games: Natural Disaster Survival, Murder Mystery 2, and in some situations, adopt me.
Never, EVER fall for these scams, as it is very harmful, why?
Sorry about this lord of the rings book that i wrote but i want everyone to be safe and know about what can happen.
Billing is to check if your son bought Roblox premium without your consent which means they probably took your money.
Press unfriend and your done unless your child friends them back which is impossible to stop just tell them not to friend them back you can check them repetitively if you want to.
Except violence maybe some exploiters have actually shattered the filter and can probably hack but thats highly unlikely.
Any myths of roblox have been busted and are considered FALSE except that 1x1x1x1 I dont know about it its kinda fishy.
I mean he was a admin anyways so yeah There are people who make games bad its not roblox's fault so dont blame them all the time.
Reporting dont work obviously unless your caught online ban wave that probably increases your risk to get banned.
I feel uncomfortable because I was just playing not even two minutes ago and this dude starts doing all this annoying stuff an he said “you ugly h#ll rat” and he goes I’m just doing this because I like you.
So that’s violating cursing and made me uncomfortable.
Because you can chat, connect, and follow random strangers, you can have really gruesome experiences with stalkers, scammers, and griefers.
It's really easy to get side-tracked on Roblox because of all the gross games people have made.
I deleted because it is disgusting and addicted me.
This is NOT meant for little kids.
I am giving this a 2 because this website is amazing but gross.
Shut up, and let your 3 year old , who shits in their diaper ,play on the ipad, make sure the username is maybe something like... 'AReviewChoseThisGame or..
'A50YearOldGrownManChoseThisGameForMySon.'
Make  sure the little gamer boy can speak gibberish, he'll need it, he'll need to talk to 30 year old men, with manners, Ah, of course, online dating, ah yes.
The only problem is, sometimes there can be hackers and other weird stuff.
its just that I don't think they read many reports, a feature where you can report a player for being toxic or breaking Roblox guidelines.
They have more buttons to spend a unimaginable amount of Robux, but a way to solve it is not saving your credit card or just steering clear of those games.
Some games like Adopt Me is meant for ALL age verity's but mostly points to 6 year old's Some other games have bloody stuff in it but you can ban them from those games and make sure they play more safe games.
Most reviews talk about how people swore or someone stole someone's vehicle in a game..
But don't all big games have those problems?
If someone swears just report the player to Roblox and if someone is in the car you can spawn a new car.
Roblox itself is a great platform but if you get hacked before you verified your account then you can't do anything, I lost my account worth hundreds of dollars and Roblox didn't do anything to help
But beware of the scamming and account thieves.
Scamming is mainly in trading games, such as Adopt Me.
Anyway, Roblox is a fine game overall, but the moderation is awful.
There is a thing called OD, which is basically kids making relationships online with strangers.
Some kids might even bypass the swearing system and try to cuss at others.
HOWEVER, there are some common misconceptions about it:
-
-PLEASE OPEN THE FULL REVIEW TO READ, THANKS!-
-
DOES ROBLOX INCLUDE DATING?
: For children aged 12 and under, ALMOST NEVER!
It is extremely hard to bypass the chat filters built for children under the age of 13.
There is an extremely low chance that your child will be exposed to any inappropriate words/phrases worse than "hell" or "idiot."
: Pretty much NO.
Unless you count typically fully-clothed characters doing kid-friendly dances next to each other, it is unlikely that your child will come across bad stuff like this.
MY CHILD EXPERIENCED SOMETHING INAPPROPRIATE ON ROBLOX!
: I am sorry to hear that.
However, Roblox games that are scripted to allow inappropriate things are usually taken off of Roblox within hours.
I like Roblox but recently there was a decal face that is just inappropriate.
It got taken down but I'm a bit concerned that it might happen again.
My parents won't let me play roblox without a friend, which really angers me.
Please don't do that to your kid.
They also should probably leave game if someone is being inappropriate to them.
I mean, this is a really good game, but  I would target this for kids 8 and up, because you have somehow really big chances for bad, or iffy content, and some games actually are really bad.
I mean, I know it censors bad words, but their are chances where people 13+ could curse.
And also some games have guns, which is why it is violent.
But does this deserve a recommend?
Be careful because deceptive fake games make it easy to get hacked, and scamming is frequent
She lost her account emmaishotcute90
But there is one problem, the CEO always talks about how Roblox is safe and civil but that's not totally true.
Most games have friendly players but sometimes people can get into heated arguments, toxic or  inappropriate conversations, or even yell curse words.
There are also often online currency scams targeted towards children.
I don't suggest that parents get this game for their kids if their under 9 or 10 years old.
This game contains a lot of games for any one to play, with the exception of horror games, if you are not ready for horror I recommend staying away from those games.
Also there are a lot of scams on the internet and in game so if you are a parent I recommend you tell kids those (besides it is also I think a heads up Roblox includes).
There can be rude people, and there can be nice.
Violence : 10/10  This game is normaly kid friendly but just in some games violence gets haiwire rape occures , sexual assault, assault, strong sexual violence harrasment, there is also suiside acts

In Brookhaven I saw 12 naked women and 18 girls in lingerines

Language: 8/10 while roblox hashtags swear words there are way more rude words that swear words.
Sex 10/10: this is the most innapropriate thing about roblox that you will find in some games, check violence for some info.
drugs 10/10: there is drinking, some snorting cocaine, and violence with drugs like smashing a drugs on someones head, and sexual acts with drug use.
privacy concern is strong lots of accounts are getting hacked lately

And one of my best friend is dating a girl online in Brookhaven and she is in a bikini
Hey i really cried at roblox and you kids dont play roblox also the updates of the games gets boring also robux is paid which is to make families poor and its better if you play minecraft
The real dangers on the platform are in less than reputable communities and games that are created to violate, twist, and bend the ROBLOX terms of service.
There are some bypassed inappropriate games but your kids will likely never find it since it is buried deep in the millions of games out there.
Just make sure they don't fall for those "free Robux" games or other scam games.
Online Dating is against the TOS!
These ODers are DISGUSTING.
And do NOT Let your kid go to these Games!
So ive been looking at the comments and some parents say 18 and up because of some not true things.
First of all, it now does sensor bad words no matter what.
First, not for kids under 10 years no matter how much you trust them.
However, particularly on roleplaying servers, people are VERY innapropriate.
In non roleplaying games there is nearly none at all but maybe ask your child not to play roleplays if you’re concerned.
For example, one game might not let you say anything that could be even slightly linked to a bad word/phrase while others will still remove swearing yet not things like omg or hell.
Also, some people find ways to work around the chat monitors like using emojis and things to make swear words.
While some games, such as Adopt Me, only have violence from those doing violent roleplays, some games are entirely centred around violence.
Some are even quite scary like the mimic which is a big horror game on Roblox.
They even don’t let people say numbers!
Over all, I think that sex is the worst concern because of people doing innapropriate roleplays.
Please keep in mind that you can always report people breaking Roblox rules and being innapropriate which will result in them getting banned depending on the reason.
Yes, there is games with violence.
I mean there are some games that has that, but usually aren't popular and won't show up in your recommended games.
I don't want my child talking to strangers!"
And yes, people can hack and bypass rules but they usually get banned pretty quickly.
And ROBLOX censors almost everything, even numbers.
People can hack this but only for themselves.
Although, there are some bad games for kids in Roblox, like shooting.
If your child is under 7, you should watch them when they play it because they don't know that much and might choose bad Roblox games to play.
now you can turn on things that prevent your child from seeing bad content (blood,violence and way more) now you might be saying but they can turn it off but if you add an email you can add a code that you have to put in to turn off any setting  now because roblox games are user generated bad stuff could get on your screen but it takes a whole lot for that it is pretty much impossible for it to happen now for older but still young kids (9+) i would suggest arsenal it is not at all bloody gory or any of that
There is no sex, I don’t know why it says that.
Violence really depends on what game your child plays.
There is a setting so you can play games with the chat off, but a few game require chat, so your child can play the game, but it won’t make sense.
It's good but many people there are bullies.
And there are also many safety and privacy concerns!!!!
And if youre under 13 dont play shooter games because its can make you addict
Some kids might be cyber bullied by random people with the server they are in!
They might bully or ask for personal information.
If you encounter this IMMEDIATELY leave the game.
This is preventable, and not particularly more common then on any other computer game
 - There are some people who try have "Roblox Girl/Boyfriends".
For the most part, these are just young kids who are roleplaying, but its still dangerous.
Don't let them do this.
There are some "mean" people, but its easy to ignore them or just leave the game when they arrive.
I encountered one scammer.
Private messages are the #1 form of scamming, swearing, and pedophilia.
- Tell kids to not even go near ANYONE or ANYTHING promising to give anything free ever.
It is almost all a scam, and even if it is not a scam (which it is) its still against the rules to participate in it.
Also tell them to never give ANYBODY their personal information (Name, Birthday, Age, Town, etc.)
Don't let them play games like Phantom Forces or horror games until maybe age 10

EDIT: Also, I recommend no "Adopt me" games and stuff like that until age 13
This game has went down hill.
There is online dating, people going to jail for fraud.
Tiktok scams.
And worse.
Don't let your kid fall into this.
roblox is a game for about 9-17 range sure there is condo games but you have to go to a condo discord to actually find some games like fr parents i  know the report doesnt do crap but still  in 99.9% of the games thee worst thing someone would say is gay  or something like that but it tags out like almost everything you say like for real parents stop saying crap about it just enable account restrictions if your kid  or someone eles is  doing not cool things like chill overall 8+ game  just check your kids d
Some games are inappropriate, but now a days, it's impossible to find any of those "con" games.
If your child is over 12 and is into violence.
If your child is like 7, they can be childish and become a little "dirty" in role play games.
There is racism is ROBLOX in games such as Ragdoll and other stuff And alot of kids asking for discord and snapchat BUT..
I play roblox but its kinda getting boring ok let me get to the point I have been playing roblox for 5 yrs  and for the past 4 and a half yrs  it has been addicting  in that half yr  it has been boring  because  i like played every game so all i want to say is (1 roblox can get boring after a while  and  (2  they should add more games (3 people can be rude
(4 you can make awesome friends (5 there is a bit of violence (PARENTS DON'T OVERREACT)
LET THEM PLAY OR ELSE I WILL SEND KREEKCRAFT AND ANGRYDAD TO TEACH YOU A GOOD LEASSON
(Never play life in paradise in etc)
Sadly, all good things have a downside too.
You might have encountered a bully in whatever game or a community that is toxic as a whole.
Of course there are child predators, almost every game has them.
Make sure your kid doesn't become some "fake depressed kid", they are a nuisance and bane to society downplaying what depression is really like.
Chat is a whole other story, you have spam, obvious scams, people finding their way around chat filters and whatnot.
I had never encountered inappropriate content in that game at all.
These games that I played were not gory or anything, they just included weapons and death(death was basically your character falling apart like lego).
There are of course some tycoons which also include a bit of violence such as Robbing tycoon.
Personally,  I was quite upset when I was not allowed to get robux, but still I was able to enjoy the majority of games without it so I don't think it is a requirement that you buy robux.
It is just unnecessary unless if your child is planning to sponsor his.her game.
I would also advise that yo tell you child not to go out with strangers online or ask anyone out even if it is just for fun as this can be dangerous.
I personally decline anyone who wishes to date or ask for a different more appropriate roleplay.
I tried that once, but then I got bored and kind of lonely.
Language:
Roblox has chat filters so your child cannot see numbers or anyone else can't if they are under 13.
This means that they won't be able to share private information such as their age or a phone number.
It can kind of stop giving exact locations with your address as well.
However, the filter has some flaws.
tree and sometimes misspelling inappropriate words bypass Roblox filters.
I think that may have been a hacker or I might have not seen it correctly.
I have been made of of because of my avatar(I have an angry bird mask) But I don't really care much.
They  can also report the bully who may either get banned or receive a waring depending on how bad the player was.
Games not working/lagging:
Lagging.
The most annoying thing in the gaming world.
This may be due to poor internet or even a bad PC (My one's 5+ years old).
Above this, my computer may lag or even freeze for 10 minutes before I am able to leave the game (Connection error occurred comes up).
I also suggest reducing your graphics to 1-3 bars if your computer is as bad as mine.
violence.
However, it is against Roblox rules so I advise that you should ell your child not to do so or ask anyone out.
Unfortunately, there are ways to bypass this filter.
Misspelled swearing is mainly common in games where 13+ players play eg.
Bullying is not quite common and your child can block the person that i bullying and report them.
Lag can occur, which may upset your child (I used to rage when it lagged XD).
this game is just online dating in the kids game site.
don't let your kids get this game is bad it has guns swords etc.
Most games r bad, but some r good.
And that's the problem.
Its not p2w and u need a brain for it.
Addressing violence, there barely isn't.
Yes, there is death but all that happens upon death is that ur arms and legs and head fall apart (like legos), no blood.
Outside the game, im not rly the best person to get a review from since i dont rly spend time outside of games and in the roblox community.
That is just complete nonsense.
There is also something for under 13s called safechat, it censors numbers and a lot of other things, which im not rly a fan of, but i get wut theyre trying to do.
The community is full of toxic ppl, but they can be avoided through settings.
However, there are multiple communties of trolls on Roblox, account security is kinda bad, and there are scammers EVERYWHERE.
I will say that kids need to understand that this game is an online platform and if someone swears in a game, they just do and you need to get over it.
Ok, not ALL games are appropriate.
I've seen some people saying bad language, and some Users are just outright mean.
So far I have only seen one bully, Westhealer, and he was banned (I think) Maybe go playing a game like Flicker or The River Project if you want something safe.
The thing is that roblox received a "E For Everyone 10+" for fantasy violence.
I saw some condo games in this app that is sexual content for 18 and over.
They enable safechat for underage kids for privacy reasons.
This game is innocent, just because you heard that some kid got "abused on Roblox" on the internet is not true, you can't believe everything you hear.
Stop banning children because you heard some story on a website that needs some extra clout.
This will only happen if you dont monitor your child, and you do not.
I know one of you will hate me, but im just a TruthSpitter.. haha!
But I think that parents are over reacting a lot.
Some parents are getting mad at roblox for “sexual content”.
If it’s been created to today and it says “the developer might need to update the game” that means they just created it and there is a 99/100 chance that it’s not a sexual game.
If it doesn’t say that message and it doesn’t say that there is a 95/100 percent that it IS a sexual game and you shouldn’t play it.
If it the current date then DO NOT PLAY THE GAME.
It’s a sexual game.
The second thing I see is that people are getting bullied for their avatar, or the way they look.
This is a problem for EVERYONE, because there’s a new trend called, copy and paste, and slenders.
That’s just them being nsfr(not safe for Roblox)

The third thing is that parents are getting mad that there are shooter games and stuff.
They shouldn’t be getting mad and give Roblox a bad name for it.
Just tell your kid not to play it.
Sometimes when you die in those violent games there’s a red screen and then you Oof.
Also I tagged my review in too much sex to say that this is an issue and it doesn’t make the game bad.
Even though there is some mature content, its usually censored.
If you want to have a normal conversation, I'm sorry, but most of it is gonna be hashtags.
Roblox censors all the bad words, but it even censors NORMAL words as well.
Heck, it even censors social media names.
If you still think roblox has too much gore, and is still "Unsafe",  I suggest you monitor your kids online.
If your kids are playing games that contain gore, that's not roblox's fault, you just have to monitor what your child is doing.
I'm not saying roblox is "perfect", because moderation can be crap at times.
People get banned for no reason, and the people that actually do bad things sometimes get away with it.
Parents, once again, STOP OVERREACTING.
It also has numbers blocked so we couldn't share our phone number.
For murderer mystery 2, it doesn't have blood or gore but only has dead bodies.
BRUH WHAT THE F#*ck SERIOUSLY!!!?
HOW IS THIS 13+ ROBLOX IS LITERALLY A KIDS GAME NOT FOR F#*ING TEENS SERIOUSLY PARENTS THESE DAYS :/

5 - Turn off every privacy setting!
Like any other online social game roblox has a problem with hackers, and Oders and all the problems.
I think the ESRB should add a USERS CREATE rating because its only bad if creators make it that way.
When I started playing Roblox years ago, it was because I wasn't able to play original Pokemon games, and I just played a rip off called Pokemon Brick Bronze.
It was filled with microtransactions and it broke lots of fair use laws.
Roblox was profiting on this and didn't issue any order to take it down until finally receiving a lawsuit from Nintendo.
I eventually realized the stupidity of the platform, and whenever I revisit, it gets worse and worse.
Looking at the top game list, every single one is unoriginal; ironically for adult games such as shooters.
I understand that they might feel pressured by their classmates, but as a kid, it's hard to see the stupidity of this game, but as you grow up it becomes visible.
If you are lenient because I could just be dumb or something, don't buy them Robux, they will keep begging for more.
there is no blood/gore/sex/violance/or any of that sht so u dont need to wory
It really bothers me and other players.
I've also experienced many censoring in appropriate words that are for some reason not allowed.
Please fix this (if you are able to).
This makes me disgusted and annoyed how the developers don't really do anything about it along with bypassing chat filters.
By people, I mean kids from 6-10 years old.They receive reports, they do not do anything unless they feel like it.
IT'S NOT ROBLOX'S FAULT THEY'RE PLAYING IT!!
It's the kid's fault because THEY CHOSE TO PLAY THAT GAME.
Roblox even deletes the inappropriate games  in just 5 MINUTES!
I do know that some games on Roblox are violent so just tell them they can't play those games or tell them that they can only play certain games.
just because a child plays a violent videogame, it doesn't mean that they are going to become psychopathic.
Why does everyone always say its 18+ and it's not for kids!
I mean sure, there are some inappropriate games, but roblox usually takes them down in a few seconds.
what is wrong with you!
In my personal opinion roblox is a good game however if your child has a history of not following the rules this is not a good game for them there is lots of cussing but it is blanked out and also there are very innopropite games that children should not play if you are letting your child play this you should be careful about what they are doing has everything n some games are better than others in roblox also get' s player accounts get hacked sometimes
And if you’re child encounters toxicity you should tell them to block the user thats being mean.
Afraid of your settings getting messed up, by your child?
But, this has issues, players can make and alternate account to bypass the password, since they have it.
Another thing is, PLEASE tell your kids that there are scam bots that includes phishing and etc.
if theres and od just get away from the od!
I hate Karens.. seriously.
It isnt roblox's fault if your kid stumbles across Phantom Forces or something like that.
honestly, don't give all of the blame to Roblox itself

"wAtCh Ur KiDs plAy" piss off... how about they watch your every move.. stop being hypocritical
Some people on the platform are online dating and there are really bad people on there and alot of trolls
And if you're not too sure about some of the games they've been playing, play them yourself, make a decision, and if you think it is too bad then have a talk with your child.
If you are worried about online predators then go ahead and disable chat for your child.
I don't know why but roblox is complete evil.
You have the chat censor which is so easy to bypass and it filters EVERYTHING YOU SAY JUST FOR A MISPELLING AND LIKE IT'S A BLACK HOLE THAT SUCKS YOU IN FOR ALL ETERNITY!!!
Luckily, I escaped that pit of evil and destruction.
There are terrible pointless games on there like adopt me where you be a slave to your pets and kids and do their commands, and those brats command you.
There are so many kids do who knows what and like bruh they are doing inappropriate things i will not mention so yeah.
Then there are violent games that I rate R, and roblox took me away from my family and reality, go play Minecraft.
There are overpriced hats and smiley faces no body cares about and hackers and scam bots everywhere.
Some games are really bloody others are fine for 7 and up
However, the in-game chat filters in the long run don't do much from keeping kids away unacceptable language.
Seriously, most games don't even need chat that much.
And to avoid those games with players who somehow rape you like they say?
The users are rude and constantly swearing.
The children are being scammed out of their robux and any in-game gimmicks that they may have gotten.
It has very inappropriate games for even teenagers, that do not get reported.
I can not play roblox anymore because of ODERS (Online daters) there are alot of them in games like Meepcity, Life in Paradise, and Adopt and Raise (Not to be confused with "Adopt me" a game about adopting pets") Pedophiles often go on roblox to ask kids to do inappropriate things in game, like have sex, therefore I have been banned from playing.
Of course if your child is good they will decline, report the user and leave.
Another thing is friends can be toxic, online friend can be toxic because of drama that happens in game, this is mostly starts with roleplaying, if it gets to serious people can get their feelings hurt.
Another huge thing hacking and scamming, in games like adopt me scamming is huge, for example, let me paint a conversation between your child and a scammer, 
Scammer:"Trust trust trading people!"
Scammer: NO!
~Scammer leaves the game~

Basically  a Trust trade is  when your child gives a scammer a valuable thing and expects it back after the trade goes through when it does the scammer leaves with their pet.
There's also the Bun Bun girls, a group of hackers who join scammers servers and alert players the Bun Bun girls will not hack your child don't worry, one time I was playin adopt me and I was lookin through the server list and I saw a Bun Bun girl, she looked through the server and didn't find any scammers then she just left.
Then there's hackers that aren't the Bun Bun girls, they steal your Childs stuff and ruin games, I have not encountered one thankfully so I cant elaborate.
Last thing, when you make your account make it as secure as possible, hackers will get into it and take it, one time my account was almost taken one day I couldn't login so I checked my e-mail and my account email was changed to a different one, I emailed the one saying "Hey, did you take my roblox account?"
There is violence but there is not really any blood, gore, or graphic things in general.
You use paint ball things, bouncy balls, you can slap people, but that is really it.
It is also hard to give private info, as it censors addresses, ages, and bad words.
But others might bypass the filter,scam, and do dirty roleplay.
Some of the problems Roblox had was the exploiters.
Exploiters aka hackers has been ruining good roblox games in the past this effected the 
developers that they must do about the exploits that hackers use but now some games have mod ban like arsenal moderators can ban hackers for good but has a day limit this is good and very funny that it shows on screen but some of them dont't go online and exploiters ruin the game for pepole who enjoy that game.
If your hacking on this game get a life please seriously hacking in a lego game is not cool i should allow 11 years old and up for them have a responsiblity other than that its cool fun and exciting on the platform
If you put a account age under 12, then you won’t be able to see those chats and will be tagged out.
I give it 4/5 because of spamming hackers spam websites that give free robux but don't they want your login info and hacking/exploiting in game people use hacks to make the game not fun and they cheat I recommend an adult with the child while playing please report hackers if they try to scam your kids and people get around swearing by using the !
in the s word.
Predators have been less common these days, Roblox has taken these things into account so much tht you cant say numbers it will put them in hashtags, now this isn't a bad thing persay but if your trying to say "I placed 1st place!"
which can get annoying at times, but it isn't that big of a deal and I fully understand its trying to stop kids from giving out their address or phone number to strangers online who could possibly be a predator But other than that it is a great game and I have good memories playing it.
It is the worst game ever and its dead!!!!!
!Anyways it could have drug addcits , child predators or sex offenders.Here are the reasons why this is a terrible game.
Only babies play it.
Roblox has always been a game to show your creativity, this can open a gate to certain inappropriate games, but they get taken down In an instant, and you'll never be able to find them in the front page.
Althought roblox isn't the best at handling certain player behaviour, they do have parental controls in the privacy settings.
There is violence in some games but is cartoony.
You rarely ever see blood and even when you do, it is very minimal and not at all like real blood.
If people aren't being nice, the three best causes of action are blocking the person, leaving the game you were playing or both.
Roblox does have a report system but it is notorious in the community for not dealing with complaints.
- If you're a parent reading this, don't save payment details because your child can buy robux without asking.
of corse be careful there are rude ppl.
unlikely to run into ppl like that tho and the chat has high filitered honestly the chat filter sucks ngl
So there are some people who think they “online date” in the game but if you read the rules, it is a rule in the tos that you CANNOT date or you will get banned.
Gore is never allowed.
So check if your kids have been playing blood games and if you want just tell him to read because you can’t block or delete those games.
And don’t worry about your kids swearing.
It always gets censored unless if you turn off safe chat.
Turning it off lets your kid swear.
Sure, some violence might have guns, blood, body parts lost, and injuries, but some games can teach you the lessons of teamwork, technology, and critical thinking, the swearing can be a little to much, but like there are tags or "#" to block it, but people can say like "hell", "damn", numbers like the code is "821023", and insults like your bad at the game" or "leave u stupid noob".
I remember back in 6th grade I was very salty about how my friend would not stop playing Roblox, mainly adopt me.
It was generally stupid for me to be so angry at her, but I would write letters about how she shouldn't be playing so much.
I don't care at this point if she plays or not, it was pretty stupid.
It does have a lot of consumerism, like having to pay real money to get robux and making ridiculous things have a price like putting a badge in your game.
Games can have a bit of violence, but usually its cartoony.
ok even when they say curse words it will be this:##### so  Stop freaking out the game is great.
But you parents why you say its bad  content.
there is a tiny bit of it but not  alot the 1  and 2 star reviews are Karens Or Fake  ppl Or Bots There is consumerism Roblox is a great game its for Kids All ages there is Hackers and Trolls and The Robux braggers are the ppl with tons of robux  And then THe Defaults.
new players are often called ugly or  a Noob If You  being bullied leave the game then play another game on roblox called zombie rush i am a noob andalso and play it alot i am a lvl 171  But also Most of the Rp that has the  bad stuff are just rp But Look roblox is not that bad Its Good Go Try It thank you for your time!
but there are hackers who will try to hack your account and the free robux scams videos that youtubers make to get their Fans acounts on roblox Get deleted and lemme say this : r o b l o x  i s f o r k i d s even tho there is Age 18+ content being use by hackers but online daters are gone nowadays But i have found clickbait youtubers.
Swearing-3/10 mild swearing because ppl bypass the filter.
Drinking and drugs 2/10 .
violence &scaryness-3/10 you just break into pieces in game csm once u die in game  but in arsenal and  phantom forces your death is more realistic so ill give it 2 out of 10.privacy concerns-1/10.
consumerism 9/10-robux is used to buy things such as  gamepasses ingame its pretty mild but annoying cus the ppl with no roblox are sad .
but parents worry the most about family paradise,Jailbreak,Madcity,arsenal because their seeing their child playing gun games and games where kids are talking to strangers that might be older than them like parents Are like my child is playing a shooting game omg ima whopp my child SPanks my child* and then they tell the child to delete roblox that is very  played more than critical ops fps  gun game  ppl the bypass the swear filter so ill add cursing but my rating for it is 1/10 but the oder games are-show
Here I will list reasons to play the game and some of its problems.
This isn’t a HUGE problem as long as your using common sense but make sure you don’t fall for anything “free robux”

2.
Scammers.
People can scam your limiteds and in-game items, so be careful and use logic.
There isn’t a huge problem other than it being so stupid, because with the tags system the pedos can’t say anything.
Moderation on Roblox isn’t amazing.
You can get banned for RIDICULOUS reasons, such as uploading an image that says “yes”, or owning a “pois item” (a limited that was stolen).
Almost every single top clothing item is bottled and copied so make sure to use clothes from well-known Robloxians so you don’t support stolen and botted clothing.
—————————————————————————————————-
That was the list of PROBLEMS on Roblox.
Though it has swearing, and not good stuff for children...
I would say it's a bit annoying that roblox has TOO many tags, even more than instagram ;-; 
It's still fun and has a lot of different genres and stuff!
As I have been reading through the reviews, it has come to my attention that quite a few parents are being over-reactive about how either sexual, or just not good in general games are.
If they say Big A**, it just makes it tagged out so sometimes people say big a only but that's not very much.
Sometimes they can bypass it by saying the bad word "d*** and make it say dam.
But that's not enough.
But a problem with roblox is that you can easily get hacked!
You lose all your data when the hacker changes the password.
Roblox should have a more secure system when it comes to pressing the forgot password button.
This is a game where you just bully each other.
Too many hackers.
I agree it should be 13+ because there is words that are bad and ROBLOX don't cut the words out.
Take Arsenal for example, you just shoot each other and hackers, also bullies and toxic people.
Very bad, don't play
There are Pedos and Stuff on roblox...
Alright, I've been seen reviews about this game, and i'm pretty sure these problems with kids playing this are kinda stupid.
Some of the games in this platform are kinda... not appropiate or possibly can make your child waste a lot of money.
So, here's the list of the games I don't recommend.
Now, "what's so bad with trading?
Children don't understand that you can easily get scammed.
Many people have gotten scammed over this game, and Youtube is filled with tutorials on how to scam (which, if you didnt know, scamming is a crime).
Same reasons as Meepcity, the fandom is innapropiate for kids.
Now, some of these obbies have checkpoint platforms but with random items you can buy, which are expensive and just try to spend all of your money on, and you can easily just get scammed.
And you should play some (like difficulty charts), but the fact that Roblox barely does something about this is horrible.
(It has been on the news so many times, and parents still can't get better protection?
Just let children that are very young not play as much.
Because you can possibly either make them like the Meepcity fandom people, or just lose all of your life on a singular game because of random purchases that weren't made by you.
Or getting scammed because your child can't understand that there's bad people online.
so yes there is iffy content if your looking for it like condo games but is really hard to find  and some are you are afraid to about satan and the game but there is no blood language is censored so is politics also if you are worried put restrictions on
Roblox is a strange topic for many reasons, First off yes this game is meant for kids.
speaking on the topic of messages, players can send messages to other people However the chatting system is super strict and you cannot send numbers, swear words, and anything else you don’t want your kid to see.
On the topic of safety, Roblox is very trustworthy but some of the games are not, you can usually tell this when a game asks for you to enter a username or password, do not enter it!
They will use the password and overtake your account that you won’t be able to get back.
There are some online daters but they can’t say anything as Roblox chat system blocks them.
Kids, this is where you stop reading!
and These games are not meant for kids and are not allowed on Roblox but sometimes it slips through the cracks.
Oders consists of other players doing inappropriate dances and movements.
These games are nearly impossible to stumble across and they usually get deleted in about an hour or less.
so this game may have mean people but there are bullies in every game so yeah.
if you see a oder you dont need to accept them you just need to kill them using a gun theres lot of oders you dont need to ban them
First of the app is rated 12+ but that doesn't really support anything.
And yes there is some iffy content but that's only if you play one of the games like that.
UNLESS you play game inside it like DEAD SILENCE or any other games that may have violence in it.
But not all games hat have violence inside it are very gory and bloody.
There are just knives and guns

if u have a child in my personal opion i started playing when i was seven and i played games with little or lots of blood inside it.
There is not any SWEAR WORDS that can be typed in the chat... UNLWSS people bypass it.
Very bad, 9 year olds are toxic and dumb as hell and half of the people that play roblox games are garbage at them.
The community is so toxic.
The banning system is ridiculous, you can get banned for saying "L".
The games are boring and not entertaining and competitive at all.
Those kids sound like as if they have drugs in their room.
when there arms and head and everything fall off
Although its a fun game, like other games, there people that spam, scam and do online dating while playing.
Before you let your children play this game, please teach your children about safety and privacy before playing Roblox.
it doesnt make kids dumber or smarter unless they play games sin roblox with no physics, I advise you to only let the child play when you are watching OR let him play and check the game once every day and check what he played, and if he/she played a sex game or games with violence then its not roblox's fault, its yours and the owner of the game, Roblox doesnt make the games but tries to make roblox safer for kids and sex games are only accessed when the user searches a specific word
Somewhat bad words are used without bypassing, but the worst it gets there is "Hell".
Yes some people use stuff like 64ck as the F word but you can easily report them.
There are always bad sides though, like ODer [online dater] games.
It's good for kids but warning there are some bad games like jailbreak hi kreekcraft
Some robloxians (People Who Play Roblox) are very toxic, and a very mean, but don't worry, only a few people are like that!
some games are not good.
If you don’t want your kid to spend money on robux, don’t let them.
some such as people bypassing the roblox censor to curse, bypassing moderation games with bad things (sex, nudity , cursing, etc), clothing items that may be offensive or too reveling, creating gore in the games, etc.
Don't let that be a reason to not play it as the moderation is quick on stuff like that.
Roblox has some other problems that might not make you play it and this is a list of the one i've found over the 5 yearsof me playing the game.
Dating: one problem of roblox is the Online Daters or as The Roblox Community and or ROBLOXians call them ODers these this problem was started in 2012 when avatars got better and has spiked since 2017  this is where a player pretends to be dating another player and most of the time has fake in game sex in some shape or form most of the roblox games have tried to fix this problem by getting rid of some features and if they mix with the trend problem it could get really bad.
Trends: yes there are some good trends, but there has been a lot of bad ones of recent (soft, slenders, copy cat, goblin, etc)  most of the time these trends are for Girlfriends and boyfriends an example is slenders and copy cats copy cats normal date slenders.
slenders are tall edgy looking boys and copy cats copy other people with short edgy looking girls.
this and online dating mixed could be bad.
Dating +  Trends: This is a very bad combination that could cause your child to do bad things.
most of the time the people who mix these problems get very attached and will play sex simulation games where you have sex with other players

Bullies: most players who spend money on the game will call others who have the free items "noob","Bacon hair","Noodle Hair", and "Beanie Brain" depending on how they look and these users have all the cool and new items most of the time.
adopt  me is a little trap meant to grab money out of your pockets avoid adopt if you want to spend only a little on roblox.
and that was the list of bad things that roblox has that won't go away.
The game is mostly pg but of course kids or teens might find a way to say inappropriate things.
There are inappropriate games but they get taken down pretty quick.
The main problem is parents decide to ignore the app details that says 12 and up.
But don’t complain about an app that has an already set age demographic.
Most zombie apocalypse and prison games (literally cops and robbers online)incorporate shooters.
Are bullies
                 .
Are scammers
                    .And also bots which scam your child for free robux.
Also, without a healthy gaming attitude, one can become ADDICTED to roblox ( like i am right now- trying to change)   and it can severely affect their  grades.
BULLIES!
THEY CALLED MY SON A n00b!THEY SWEAR , AND INSULT OTHERS!
You cant talk, and you cant even see chats.
MY SON IS PLAYING BAD GAMES!
ROBLOX IS VERY BAD!
THERE IS LOTS OF BLOOD AND SEX!
ROBLOX IS SO TRASH!
Discipline him, and if it's the friend's fault, unfriend and block said player.
Horror games and zombie games (not all) have blood in them.
What's the point of the horror if not?
If you don't like it, horror games say in the desc that "If you have negative responses tho these types of games, don't play them!"
3- *epicly slaps* YOU NEVER TOLD ME HOW TO DEAL WITH PLAYERS!
You could report the player for bullying ( although ,in fighting games, toxic players are always present and the might keep bullying your child.
If it's too much, go to another server.
Report games which are bad.
It's disgusting when i try to play roblox, and i stumble on some scented con (that's what all those games are called).
I'm tired.
So, don't hate them.
THERE'S TOO MUCH!
THIS IS WHY ITS HARD TO ROLEPLAY IN ANIME BATTLE SIMULATOR!
They censor almost everything.
The mobile app has some issues right now so for now if you have one let your kids play on the laptop.
Scamming has gotten worse with Scambots (nonexistent players (bots) telling you to go a site) there is another issue with the chat filter and the clothing.
The chat can get easily bypassed causing your child to see inappropriate words and clothing issues including using Self Harm as a “clothing trend”.
A lot of children play bypassed audios which is basically kind of Roblox’s fault for accepting these types of audios which is a bad business move, also like the chat, this can cause your children to hear inappropriate words to the point of the n word.
This is just many of the things I’ve seen and with all this I recommend you keep an eye on your children while they are playing Roblox.
Only problem is the amount of things that get bypassed, such as 18+ content (rare) and swearing either in chat or with audio.
some events in roblox can be violent like "Bloodfest" and people swear.
Roblox is a place where if you look hard enough you can find many issues with it.
The Main issue is that Roblox is really only a creative platform for the creators of the games to use to make their game, so blaming ROBLOX for inappropriate servers is like blaming a camera company for someone taking inappropriate photos.
Ultimately a review of this site should be focused much less about the content of the game as your child can choose what they do or do not want to play at any time.
Moderation is hyper-sensitive and many words which are safe are censored using hashtags and this usually blocks out any inappropriate content that your child will see.
If you have heard of "loopholes" where content that is inappropriate can be said then this is obviously a problems but not one something that is unique to Roblox this is a human universal.
A lot of rules will have loopholes and people will exploit these no matter if we are talking Roblox, Gaming, Society.
With concern to inappropriate games, it is not Roblox's intention that these games exist only a natural biproduct of kids being devious and trying to feel rebellious.
If your kid is frequenting these servers ultimately it is up to you as a parent to drag them off such games or explain to them prior the danger such a game possesses.
It is of course not going to be perfect but it's issues are common and unfortunate but not ultimately something you will be able to prevent on the internet.
So if you believe your child to be mature and responsible to any decent standard it should be no problem for them to play Roblox.
roblox isn't a bad game, it's just the kids who think they can get away with blasting 200 decibel rap songs that have 10+ swears in them.
Do not get this game!
Once I was playing Corridor of Hell and this girl came in and starting spamming the chat.
I told her to stop and another girl said that they were cousins and I had to ignore her.
She is way too young to play Roblox.
Roblox is not for little kids.
Also, I was reading this review on what parents should know about Roblox a couple months back and there was this footnote that said a 6 year old was playing and she was invited to a sex room.
People with Robux actually bully people about being poor.
I remember my sister was playing Daycare and this girl, not saying the username, called her poor because my sister did not have Robux.
Also, if you are through with being bullied because you have no Robux, most people would use a Robux Generator.
These generators do not work.
People put viruses in the generator so they can get your info.
Hackers can also hack your account.
There are rumors that the most famous Roblox hacker, not exposing the username (again), is coming back.
Younger kids can easily accept fake trades.
If someone says that to you, they will not give you Robux, even if they promise you.
Eventually, that person got hacked.
Swear words or offensive words are tagged out and Roblox also has the ability to tag out full sentences if they are rude.
If someone is being mean or offensive (which is hard because of the tags) you can report them and Roblox will review the chat and see what happened and either ban them or, in extreme cases, delete their account.
Roblox's main rule is "Roblox is not a place for online daters" and if found out will be banned.
The game through my first 1 month
I saw 50 people dating
10 adults
And 20 people trying to be sexual with me
Roblox also trys to milk you of your money

Thats the cons

Heres the pros

Teaches coding
Fun with family
Its only ok if you turn of basically every single chat feature
Bur even that is bad
Because i went to a game,
And i saw madness
Hackers made sex models and could use it on players the most nudity
And swears ever.
Alsooo
If you dont believe me
Just go to the videos most are ok
But some have to be completely blurred
And just search roblox oder
There are so many online daters,
So if you want ur kids dating a 20 yearold,
Seeing nudity
Swearing
And lose all your money dont listen to me and let them have chat.
I know that there are some "innapropiate" games, but he doesnt even know about them.
(just gotta get around scripting though) Any people saying certain games are non-child friendly listen.
The only slight issue is that there are free robux scams/adopt me scams and roblox is a bit too family friendly.
The scams I know roblox can't fix but the family friendly stuff they can.
Other than that, the only thing a kid would have to worry about is fantasy violence.
Some games do get taken down for curtain reasons, like not kid friendly or copyright reasons.
Sure Roblox does have a censor robot, but its pretty much trash, some words can be abreviated into ways that the robots dont detect, and numbers and some random words that are not even bad get blurred out from hashtags (#), for example try saying 12, it might just come out as ##.
If you happen to encounter something inappropriate, then you probably used the search bar and clicked on it or was clickbaited.
The one problem really is how the community acts.
According to the player, if you don't have an Avatar that has clothes which cost a lot of Robux, you are considered a "noob" and may end up being bullied in game.
Remove the horrible moderation (It's not that it falsely bans people-it barely ever unbans somebody) My advice is-buy a few Robux (enough to buy power-ups in game+ a good avatar), and make sure the game is OK. Face it, if you're not going to let your kid touch something if there's a little risk, how will it be when he/she faces a huge crisis?
Some Roblox developers really put pressure to buy Robux, just avoid those types of games.
If they aren't, why did you let them play this in the first place?
DONT PLAY JAILBERAK DONT ITS CONTAINS A LOT OF GUNS AND VOLCNCE.ALSO NO MAD CYIT ITS THE SAME.
Although there is some inappropriate games on roblox...
And about swears, yes the tagging system is pretty bad and your kid probably can't say numbers.
Just set a time limit, make sure they don't have your credit card to buy robux, monitor to make sure they don't play violent games.
What I mean is there's some games like, piggy that include dying.
I Don't Know Why Adults Call It Violence Game.
I Giving It 4 Star Because There's Many Online Dating, exploiters, Roblox Predators, Scams, Club Iris ( I Don't Know Why Roblox Still Not Banned That Game Yet) And More.
When I first saw this website I read the ROBLOX reviews from parents and HONESTLY, I think the parents are right and wrong, like they are saying that some games have BLOOD, not any game that I know has BLOOD in it, plus I've been playing ROBLOX for like 2-3 years now.
There are scammers on Roblox though, which try to steal peoples accounts and take all the Robux off it.
Some scammers may ask for your password for "free Robux" then they run off with your account and you never get any Robux.
If a user violates the terms of service, there account may either be warned, a 1 day ban, 2 day ban, week ban, 2 week ban, account deletion, Poison ban, IP ban, and the worst ban of them all, Invalid credentials ban.
Google them up if you don't understand.
It isnt perfect however.
Sometimes there are bypasses for inappropriate words that can annoy people and sometimes theres just too many bots.
my 17 year old brother played this he like a game called "da streets" which is demonic and satanic and bad.
he goot a currency celled "robucks" and made his character edgy and was wearing weird "trash gang" stuff.
my brother died in a car crash because of roblox because it demonic.
It hashtags all swear words and most numbers.
I don't understand why so may parents don't allow their children to play this game.
sometimes, bots come into a game and tell players to go to off site websites and "get free Robux" (Robux is the digital currency of Roblox that is used to buy items for your avatar and more)  all of the time, these site do not work and steal your Roblox account, these sites must be avoided at all costs.
The moderates work hard to stop these  scams but sometimes the scams can get through but most of the time, they are deleted in half an hour or so.
the games on Roblox are fun but some more violent games should be not aloud to play for younger kids.
It is good but my brother became toxic and started screaming when playing MM2 it is a toxic game you should not play it I recommend play Roblox islands a building games full of fun and you can create things in your style and become creative and also adopt me is fun it teen kids how it would be like to be a parent how they can be a good one when they grow up
ROBLOX is perceived as "Bad" with "Harmful games" or "bad chatting messages" but as a parent, it is your responsibility to look after your kids.
Ofcourse ROBLOX has it's fare share of problems but you cant blame them for all.
For example; scams.
hackers do hack accounts and go onto games and chat and you cant blame ROBLOX for this as they work hard as to # all the hacked websites out.
i dont understand why you think piggy is a bad game, its just a game.
However, there are scammers who claim they will give you money.
Some people try to swear, but most of it is blocked by the roblox chat filter.
More things are blocked when the user's account age is set to anything under 13.
Roblox is a good game, but there's problems, there's some violence on using weapon and other that younger kid can get scammed easily.
and also why tagging numbers, there's nothing inappropriate about numbers.
If you don't your kids to be scammed in Robux games and trading games please educate your child how to be safe.
And for trading please educate your child about scams.
Also, they get taken down quick.
If you're concerned about games like, Piggy or something because of the jumpscares, just know that they don't represent all games.
**I didn't talk about Robux problems because I don't have**
When I was playing adopt me someone said “f*ck you” (without the star and not to me I just saw it in the chat.)
also in adopt me I encountered someone being racist to black people... and I know that there are some inappropriate games on there.
10+ Also my friend got hacked so I have some safety and privacy concerns.....
I only think roblox should be 13 plus because there are many stupid 10 year old kids that don't know anything that come up to me and start arguing with me for no reason.
I once played a game with shooting and all it did was just disassemble your limbs.
Also, there are games that don't have anything like that.
The other only thing that can kill you in those games are lasers.
If your kid is playing something that is inappropriate, then tell them to play something else.
Roblox can't change what people play.
But then if you fail to go in stealthily it becomes a 1st person shooter game where you kill thousands of innocent people per round with semi realistic spurts of blood.Anyway sorry for the long review such a big game has lots to talk about.Hence below I will put a list of games that I like to play on Roblox their star rating and age rating.
Hyper realistic blood and wounds and some iffy concepts.
Although, sometimes its security is... questionable, a hacker can never see your name.
A platform that many parents get confused on.
The main thing is sexual content and innapropriate games.
So parents, the thing is if your child is playing games they should not be, don't blame it on ROBLOX, Blame it on them.
Why, you may ask, It's because on ROBLOX your child decides what they play, So if they're playing something innapropriate you know who did it wrong.
And you also might be wondering if ROBLOX says they are a child-freindly game, why are there innapropriate games?
And if a game is too innapropriate for ROBLOX the moderaters will take it down.
I have spent 1000s of dollars on it over the past 2 years and I wish there were better chat filters.
Because when u say “one” it looks like this ### so ya also there’s this game called shower simulator it’s funny but defiantly there are gross people on it and bad guys so teach ur child to stay away from these people but other than that it’s  very safe also I hear stories of kids getting photos and stuff but I don’t understand that because u can’t send links photos or images at all!
And I don’t know off a cheating game that’s not social media that lets u send photos or images so ya!
Idk why you would leave a bad review.....
This is something the parent should judge.
But there is so may hackers, computer virus, and you don't even now how is on the other side of the screen.
If you are the kind of person who says there is a very small chance me getting hacked.
Well let me just say be careful because one of my close friends actually got hacked!
Ok move on from that there is guns, dating, swearing, people smoking, and you don't now what people do in these games.
You may think that most games on roblox are hot garbage, Adopt Me, Brookhaven, Tower of Hell, Mega Fun Obby 99999 stages + escape through minion flamingo for infinite robux slide down 99999999 miles don’t seem very good (well unless you like to roleplay, “I don’t like it”) but there are at least a hundred gems down there for everyone, I won’t go into detail on any due to others’ tastes but I go to Juke’s Towers of Hell for obbies, Horrific Housing for randomness, Restaurant Tycoon 2 for tycoons and building
The only problems are the several free robux scams and scam bots that post links in the chat until they quickly get banned or tagged (this also covers swearing and sadly numbers) which leads me onto my only other major problem.
Only very young, gullible children can fall for the robux scams though and they likely won’t lose anything of importance, just tell them to not play Adopt Me and they will be fine (Adopt Me has overpriced gamepasses and pets that can easily get scammed from the very young and gullible playerbase of the game).
The only thing bad about it is that the moderation is not the best, but it's fine for Roblox.
Roblox has lots of games on it and every game has a different violence level some games that are suitable for young children are jailbreak, adopt me, royal high, and SharkBite also pretty much all of the simulators are good for kids but I personally do not like them I recommend you to play this
Adopt me- Dont believe everyhting good-- It could be a scam.
The only reason I rated it four stars-- aside from the games-- is that if someone tries to swear or talk inapropriately, and someone reports them, Roblox doesn't look into it that well.
So, if someone is swearing, I would suggest blocking them or leaving the game after reporting.
You cannot type numbers into the chat without them getting censored (using hashtags) so kids can't type personal information.
I could go on for hours about the chat filter, but more things it does is censors curse words, and also typos so you can't bypass words.
There are millions upon millions of games to choose from, some being extremely inappropriate.
I will point out that these are beyond Roblox's problem, and that you have to search these games up to find them.
If your kid has been in these games, it is most likely their problem.
These games are often called "condos" with sex and drugs in them.
You should still monitor what they do, because like any other online thing, there are predators.
Last: the only issue's are the oders (people who like to online date) I have seen odering and if you dont want your kid to get exposed to that stuff than thats perfectly fine.
It has many user-created games, some of which are scams or geared towards older children.
Teach your child about scams and online safety

The younger your child is, the more susceptible they are to scams.
They should never give out their password or click on free robux websites, as almost all are scams and ask for your password.
Games I suggest kids not play

-Animation Mocap- I would say mostly older tweens and teens play this game
-Ragdoll Engine-I have seen roblox players have virtual "s*x" in this game, although it is rare.
Roblox is not pay to play for the most part, however, if you do not have robux, there is a much, much higher chance of being bullied and being called a noob often(roblox slang for newbie).
Overall, Roblox is a great game in terms of safety, but the violence and in-game purchases make it not suitable for toddlers and children under 7.
Or, you can turn to the dark side and destroy stuff with awesome results, create disasters to have your little people survive through, or just kill them, but in a fun way.
or stuff like that, ignore them.
They are scams.
I'm ashamed to say that I had to learn this the hard way.
Or, let them build hellish things like lava pits, zombies, and even horror games.
Also, if you see them playing, and a message like this: "wow, i just got all the gamepasses from this game by going to blox.zone" or "lol stupid bots, i only get my legit no scam free ROBUX from blox.bux", these are scams.
People on this website is saying that roblox is bad and has alot of inappropriate games and unknown people talking to them, to fix the unknown people that are predators talking with ur kids just goto ur settings and goto privacy then who can chat with me and make it no one, to fix inappropriate games first its ur son that clicked on it and second ur son didnt leave when they see the inappropriate content.
Roblox makes toys and ads for these games, and of course they don’t want any negative attention to these games.
Cons:
Racism / Neo-Nazis are annoying.
Listen, I understand if this was Facebook and some stupid family member shares nasty stuff and you can block them and remove them like that.
From outfits to decals, neo-nazis are everywhere.
You can even put on your own Hitler outfit or KKK robe, these are harder to get but they still exist.
I have seen swastikas, confederate flags with racist text, literal porn, etc.
Pornography 
In “The Streets” People even pretend to rape you in the game if you get rag dolled (rag doll in gaming terms refers to when a character becomes limp and cannot move, they just flop around as if they died or something).
They’ll hit you and drag you into a corner or building and kneel on you as if they’re bumping.
This is a small example of nasty things in Roblox.
Look, just because your kid is playing Roblox, they’re not going to fall into racist and nasty ideals instantly.
Make sure you teach them, educate them that these images and things are bad.
My mom is German, she has taught me what symbols and things are bad.
My parents taught me what things are bad before I even went on the internet.
I believe that Roblox has become more worse, though.
I never saw anything racist in 2014-2015, now a-days “offensive humor” is not very humorous, it’s just offensive and hurts people, that’s why you see these things.
It’s mainly niche indie games you find the weird stuff.
Cons: There is a chat feature that can be a bless and a curse what I mean is people can ask to be your boyfriend/girlfriend or they can bypass the chat feature since if your say certain stuff it tags them out with hashtags but they bypass it and can be very mean to you or they can ask you for personal information.
There is no sexual stuff.Roblox hashtags anything that is rude so if your child searches something weird it will hashtag and not come up (dont worry i haven't tried(but other people have LOL).
Some scary things and some blood but its mostly just cartoony stuff.
Roblox is also desperate for money so they will make lots of things robux but now they have made this update asking permission from a parent or something similar i cant entirely remember.
this game just has to many iffy content like sexual content language and a little of violence buuuuuut this game isn’t the worst it is for kids but to think about it it’s inappropriate but you can always report people and they will sure get banned!
But recently a younger sister has been having terrible nightmares, screaming and waking up at night after seeing certain games like "Piggy".
We banned her from playing horror type games but our other younger sister who is older than her has also been playing these types of games.
The younger sister had nightmares recently and we now plan on banning any horror games on roblox that they can't play.
That's not me saying the rest of the game is bad.
Just the horror section and all the scary type games.
They really take a toll on children's mental state.
I feel like they should have a right age rating and if you're a certain age you shouldn't be able to play the horror games.
I'm sick and tired of all these false and horribly constructed reviews made by 9 year olds, Either painting Roblox in too good or bad way.
Any kid who says Roblox has a report system clearly has zero understanding of any of Roblox's features outside of playing games.
It does technically have a report system for people who get around the very strict text censorship or scams, but roblox's moderation is an absolute dumpster fire.
i have reported games that were straight up pornographic, and they were never adressed.
This also goes for scam, dating, and other similar games.
a kid who is just innocently browsing the site will never encounter these "games".
Essentially, roblox is just as dangerous as a google search and even less so.
a reason i didn't make the age recommendation lower, is because of phishing scams.
these scammers lure in ignorant or young kids into an offsite link to get "free robux".
(You CANT earn robux from any third party sites)
these scams steal the accounts from kids and can ruin their online reputation on the site.
there are NO other ways to obtain robux so dont try or you will get scammed.
dont get kids robux untill you think they are mature enough and can safeguard their account, because if they get scammed or lose the password, it will all be lost.
Some games are quite violent, including blood, minor gore and horror themes.
In Roblox, there are many scams that are hidden in every corner.
These are all scams and should be avoided at all costs.
This Game has violence But when you not include the violent games You could actually explore the game itself but the problem is there are toxic people so what you should do is that ignore the toxic people and explore the game but don't explore the violent games unless your 13+ for parental guidance for safety
You people are kinda of stupid with these reviews...
It has an excessive chat filter for kids under 13.
And go on roblox, try to find one single bad game.
all the games on popular page is fine and good but there's scent con games that does 18+ and I'm shocked, if my kids find this and play it and do gross things like sex, i would lock them out of internet , Roblox is great and educational, but internet trolls/bad people/adults are making gross games, i heard that these games get banned very fast and games get made very fast, i cannot tell if this is a bot or a troll, but I hope kids will not find these sex games aka condo games, scented cons, I recommend you 
Until I was about 12 and these weird sketchy things would pop up on my page.
Many people, some probably under the age of 13 would be dancing on peoples laps, and sexually arousing people.
Another thing is there are games with violence such as guns.
bombs, horror.
People find ways to sneak around community guidelines and say swear words.
From a parent perspective all those games like arsenal, dead zone, and bad business is “violent” and “inappropriate” but if you want to keep your child safe follow these instructions.
Tip #3 NEVER and I say NEVER click on Free robux scams, read the link before you click on it.
Worried if your child is going to spend money on their account without permission?
I think it is a very fun game but it does have multiple problems.
It is very easy to bypass the sensors with x’s,  numbers, and symbole (like a$$) and you can wear bad words on clothes.
Most bad words and numbers are censored, sometimes people can get past that though, but it doesn’t happen often.
And robux is kind of expensive.
The game can be a little violent but that’s optional, a couple of games in Roblox I DO NOT recommend for 8 and under, are: Mortem Metallum and phantom forces.
I have read most of the parents reviews about ROBLOX and the community, but most of the things that parents are saying about ROBLOX and the community is a lot of fabricated information.
First of all, there has been a lot of scamming in ROBLOX.
Most of the time, scammers scam kids for their items in a game and they will not give the kids anything or they'll just give an inadequate item they didn't even ask for.
If you try to swear at somebody because they're annoying you, it will be censored.
But sometimes you could say "N****" or "F u" and it could possibly go in the chat.
Like I said, the parents reviews are mostly fabricated information.
For example, a parent said that they turned on Parental controls for their child so they cant play bad games.
Plus, some other parents are saying that ROBLOX is even way dangerous than Call of Duty (COD) or Red Dead Redemption.
Ok, before you click of of this review because I am just a teen with no sense of what it is like to be a parent, hear me out.
(Also please excuse my bad spelling and grammar in the review)

(1) The CommonSense Media Parental Guide: The CommonSense Media Parental Guide is EXTREMELY outdated, and I want you to put this in your mind before reading it.
They no longer exist, and you do not need to worry about them and their dangers.
Also, the guide says a lot of incorrect things, but the one that spiked my attention the most is when it said how poorly ROBLOX moderated ODers, now if you don't know what an ODer is, ODer = Online Dater.
Builders Club also does not exist!
It is NOT availible on any mobile or XBox devices.
Which you can use to...scam people?
Ok, YES Adopt Me is full of scammers and that's why I rated it so highly but as long as your child is properly educated on scams (teaching moment for parents) they will be fine!
Why isn't this rated for a more mature audience!?"
And that is because of two words: Kill Effects, yes the game uses guns and before you start thinking of all those stories you hear of Serial Killers who played FPS games as a kid and turned phycho, yeah, that's a bunch of bullcrap.
This game is not bloody or violent is anyway, except for the guns and knives you use to take out your enemies.
And it is not bloody, there are different cartoony "kill effects" like one where you're enemy will fall down a trapdoor when you kill them or get hit by lightning.
You're freaking dumb!"
If you think about it the game is an opportinuty to teach kids about violence in real life and how serious it is and how you shouldn't do it.
(5) Parental Controls on ROBLOX and ODers/Condo Games, now the CommonSense Media guide and many others say ROBLOX has no parental controls and a kid could be exposed to anything bad.
Well, that is not true and over the past few years ROBLOX has extremely upgraded it's moderation system, innapropriate games get banned within literal minutes, and they added things for parents to use, such as the SafeChat feature, it applies to all users that make thier account age as 13 or under,  it means you cannot say numbers, and their is a feature where if you say the same thing too many times it will censor it because it may be a possible attempt at cursing.
And for ODers, yeah thanks to ROBLOX the average ODer account gets banned within a week, and the average condo game gets banned in 15 minutes- an hour so don't worry about those things.
You can just report them, block them, and leave the game and you don't need to worry about them again.
Almost everytime in these situations the culprit is the parents for leaving their credit card info in the child's device, which I don't know why they would do but they did.
So if this happens, don't blame ROBLOX look closely and see what mistakes you made.
It ruined her.
My brother is now an addict.
Oof.
But the setbacks from my perspective is there are hackers, and some "online daters."
If there are any hackers going around around roblox, try your best to avoid the games being hacked or don't play for the matter of time.
That is Roblox's way of tagging out swearing.
And in some killing games when someone dies the character falls apart.
First of all there are no  hackers  or people that can  hack your account 
yes if your kid is not mature  or really young then well he can tell people his password but  just block the chat unless you do not understand the internet its simple, but most  people who "hack" are just some dumb 9 year old kids and people who just want to get attention and who want to scare people.
Second of all  yes some games are "violent" but Roblox also dose not bring  6 and 9 year old kids  into their games they know that so they make other games that  13  and 14 year old's like me want to play like Arsenal Blood and Iron  Phantom Forces Murder mystery and if you do not like this games DO NOT LET  YOUR KIDS PLAY THEM  it's as simple as that  they don't have  gore and don't blame Roblox.
Third of all yes their is marketing and robux to buy things but how do expect Roblox to make money of their game which is FREE.
Fourth yes their are people that are mean but the chat filter dose TO much of a great job you cant even say numbers  yeah people find a way to bypass it but its the internet you big boomers people were mean as far back as the internet started and if kids are being mean to you ignore report leave game those are all options.
More 'violent' games don't even have blood.Sometimes bots enter a server you are in and promote scam websites for the in game money but you can reprort them or just leave the server.You can chat with other players and when you say numbers it tags* them (* this is wat i mean by tag : # )  sometimes it gets annoying cuz it was made so you cant give phone numbers away and when i want to say a number for a roleplay it tags it.
MODERATION/SAFETY:
Roblox has a very strict chat filter, but kids can still see swearing on the site and get into trouble.
You can report people who are doing inappropriate things in games but they often face no consequences as the Roblox moderation bot receives many, many reports.
There are lots of games with cartoon violence where you throw knives, shoot people (some first person shooters), but I very rarely encounter a game with blood or gore.
The characters usually just fall to the ground.
If someone is swearing in a Roblox game, your child can use /mute (username) to stop seeing their chat ingame.
Roblox can be a very fun or very harmful platform depending on how it is used.
If your kid’s 3 and is playing Roblox Murder mysteries, that’s not roblox’s fault.
That game belongs to who made it and you should ask for it to come down if your angry one 3 year old played a game with a bunch of older teens.
There is a chat filter but some people can still get past with saying inappropriate things but it’s very unlikely and difficult getting past the chat filter and its restrictions.
Roblox has hackers but it is not very common to see them - although there have been issues with people hacking accounts and hacking the Website/Game.
All you have to do to get rid of these people is report and block.
is commen sence midea CEAZY
roblox is so sos so safe for example i tried to tell my friend tht my phone broke and it blanked it same with numbers
Some specific games with hackers I remember are Beach house role play and Top roblox runway model, the worse one Beach house is not playable anymore so no worries it is much safer now, be aware of the 10-12 who think swearing is cool or being super tall/having fat legs looks good :/ tell your kids to not become one of them ok, and teach them to not give out information, ever, I'm saying because some parents apparently dont think about doing the obvious.
The users can be downright the most annoying, toxic, and pretentious losers that you can find online.
Get ready for the child to be harassed and called names... just because they wore a hat.
Another part of the community is extremely hateful.
Those people will be extremely vocal about how your child should kill themselves, about how they're degenerate and immoral.
This community is also the definition of a "vocal minority", and can ruin ROBLOX's reputation for the week that the news wants something to talk about, among... other communities.
(If you check your child's game history - which I don't recommend, as they always deserve their privacy - and they have been playing a ton of deleted games, marked by a [Content Deleted] title, talk to them.
ROBLOX Support can be EXTREMELY HARD to contact and roll-back the inventory (which, I may add, is a one-time thing)!
Well this kinda sexualizes kids and there is a chat where numbers name age sex bad words exedra but some kids are finding ways to cause but ide say it is for kids if you: only friend people you know, and get a privet sever, last but not least turn of the chat
Roblox has like barley any  violence but guns and swords sometimes.
NO BLOOD.
It has bad graphics but it still fun!
There is some violence but you need to closely monitor your child's activity as some games can be dangerous to younger kids.
I went on the parents reviews and I was shocked on how many lies there were.
First of if someone is bulling you just block or report them simple right.
Roblox does have some bad stuff but it gets taken out right away.
Dont listen to the Karens
I have had it for a very long time of my childhood and only once have i hated it (i will get onto that later).
Some people can be a bit inappropriate but you will find that it is very rareto find it.
On games like tycoons they can give you weapons so you can kill other players, one time i was playing a not very popular one, and a person under the username btx_laxra did NOT like me.
They wouldnt leave me alone and kept blowing me up, however, to prevent these things happening, you can block users so you wont be in the same servers.
Some people make scam games (the reason i once almost hated roblox) they will ask for you pasword, claiming to give you things too good to be true like robux for free.
Also, bots can join games so that they can advertise fake free robux websites, but you can tell your children its a scam.Also, you can create your own avatar and some users make huge legs, their known as oders (online daters).
I’ve played for 3+ years now and I’ve never seen any bloody games.
All bad words are censored by Roblox admin.
Too much inappropriate content, mostly from kids who don't even know what they're talking about, Once I found a WHOLE server talking about how bad gay people are.
Just today I had to report two inappropriate usernames.
It does try to filter out swearing, but people just find other ways to write it.
It's a good game but if your kid gets bullied block the person who's bullying them
People hack, do whatever on the internet.
Every online game will have at least one hacker trying to disturb other players.
ROBLOX can not do anything about it other than ban them.
So, moral of this review  ROBLOX isnt bad itself its the hackers that make it bad.
This game is really bad for kids 17 and under.
my friend plays roblox and i was watching and it also costs a lot of money so dont even bother with this bad game also its also really laggy and slow and once someone put my name on roblox and it didnt  even blur it out so DO NOT PLAY PLEASE.
Roblox has a lot of inappropriate people.
If not they can fall victim to predators.
There might be some online dating, cursing, and a little bit of violence.
(none of which is realistic.)
They are not true.
While there may be some games out there that contain some content that may be inappropriate for your child, most of the games on ROBLOX are not that bad.
Most FPS games my not be harmful, but games like Phantom Forces contain blood.
And there you go.
But to get a house you either have to buy one with the in-game currency or with robux because the starter house is very small and you just don't have the same creative freedom.
but he was forced out by the creator of this strip club when his comments made a girl uncomfortable.
the owner also said that if someone made them uncomfortable they could have them be locked out but also said 'if they touch they pay extra'

OVERALL: THIS GAME HAS POTENTIAL FOR IFFY CONTENT AS THEY DO NOT CENSOR EMOJIS AND PLAYERS CAN STYALIZE WORDS SO THEY DON'T GET DETECTED AND CENSORED-BUT ROBLOX DOES TRY THEIR BEST TO CENSOR NUMBERS,STREET NAMES, AND BAD WORDS OR STYALISED FORMS LIKE $TrLP to the best of their ability.
Now Now ive seen bad reviews and troll reviews but i barley see good ones.
I only ran into a game where someone created a group with me in it(I didn't make it), and there was inappropriate content.
I also do have concerns about the privacy.
Some YouTubers have been getting hacked even with two step verification.
But some how exploiters have gotten the six digit code and it resulted of that youtuber getting hacked.
some People have complained  about Jail Break Though...But Jail Break did noting wrong!!!
Kids would almost never do anything illegal.
So what makes them think that!
coming from someone who has had experince of kids doing this kids will get SCAMMED and spend thousands and will beg and cry if they cannot play.
the chat system can also be bad, this is because people will cyber bully and scam of games like adopt me.
that game is completely based on i have money, you don't.
I have pets you don't therefor you are bad at this
There weren't any things wrong with this game in 2007-2017.
There are many scam websites on this game, and the reporting system is rigged.
Because I was a lonley little pussy, I didnt have any friends B(, and this game really helped.
And all inappropriate shirts are removed.
And every swear words get blocked with # so and thats the case!
If you think Roblox is bad, change you mind!
I wouldn't let younger kids play this game, however, unless you monitor them.
Some games have violence, like murder mystery games and games where you escape jail and rob stores.
You can also talk to strangers which could lead to bullying or worse, but there is a reporting system if people are misbehaving.
The last thing I want to talk about is "Robux".
It's kind of expensive.
DO NOT GO TO THESE SITES!!
They are beyond shady and all scams!
Young children's accounts can be stolen because they believe the bots!
If your kid gets sad when someone calls him a noob then get him some help  or don't let him get NEAR an ELECTRONIC.
ROBLOX is now trash.
To much scams.
Annoying Hackers.
And dont even think about downloading ROBLOX right now it's not good right now.
And the worst thing is that robux cost to much
But there are some games like piggy (id say about 8\9+) and also I once came across a game with inappropriate TikTok dances in.
Roblox is a ok game but there is so many scammers, people that online date and have sex and many violence and swearing.
Yep, this is NOT a game.
A lot of parents tend to criticize this game, mostly due to "their child spending all their money" when it was their fault not putting protections.
They can be disgusting when actually dating, or very hilarious when its a kid copying another.
You can tell due to the roleplay having a really bad storyline or them having bad grammar.
However, when its kids copying the actual daters, it's no longer harmless.
It's OK when they are copying the other kids, but oh no.
I hope someone benefits from this and no, parents do not go to the kids section because they think we don't know any better.
There is a great message filter, just sometimes messes up.
They might accidently find a pornographic game.
There are people called "ro-gangsters" that act like there in streets like the bloods or crips, They make them.
These are hard to find as roblox try there best to take them down.
Tell them to not go there.
And also don't blame roblox.
Its hard for them to stop.
They just don't set the best examples for the kids younger than age 9 or 10.
The chat is so strict, we can't even do most classroom games, for numbers are always blocked as well.
The claims of too much sex is totally absurd.
The people who even TRY to make their character naked are either people 18+, reported, or banned.
I think that ROBLOX should NOT be a thing of disgrace, despite what parents say.
I was bullied by a bully :( who said creepy things btw it's a virus it will destroy a pc within a few years.and I would not let your kid play it if they can't handle hackers,cursing,violence.
The only thing I didn't like is some of the scripts broke/glitched.
And yes, there are bad games that like kill people or abuse people.
But no, it's not ROBLOX's fault that these games exist.
And sometimes, there is a scripter that can say bad words because they download these hacks/mods, with the mods, they can draw things, make they're avatar look weird.
Most of these players can get banned after a few days.
In the game Adopt Me, you collect pets, care for them, and you can also trade them, they're is a scam called "trust trade", with this scam, you need to trade your pet as first, and then the player "gives" your pet back.
But, if your child is unlucky, they can get SCAMMED.
And, it's not ROBLOX's fault!
If you dont trust people on the internet.
If you wanna keep your child safe from players that scam, say bad things, pedofiles or more.
Please, dont let them friend other people.
However, I have noticed the community and separate features greatly go down hill.
I think one of the issues that has led to this is the Roblox moderation.
Whenever there is some sort of toxicity or other issues between a couple of players, other people catch on to this as if it's some sort of disease.
A mass of people that I meet in Roblox always try to be rude to me, and many other people.
The Roblox moderation does little to nothing about this.
Next, Roblox has really tried to get more money, rather than aid the roblox community.
They have removed many features, like sales and tix, just for some more money.
Roblox cares about money, not you.
There are many scams like "free robux obbies" or people attempting to scam you in trading games, like royale high, adopt me, or murder mystery.
Roblox ugh no thank you!!!!
It’s filled which bad words such as: oof, lol, ur mom, and more!!!!!
Ik I’m a teen but bruh this game is like rated r!!!!!
Ligit it’s not narly boiiiiiii :(
I would not recommend it from YOUNG kids.
But if you don’t want your child to play it, then don’t
You cannot swear it will tag it and it will appear like this #### for any four letter swearword and Ani numbers or words that aren’t words in the dictionary.
You can add restrictions on the account so you cannot chat or join violent games like games with guns and swords or any other type of violence.
The word noob and stupid and dumb or not able to say.
IT HAS BUTTCHEEKS DISCUSTING AND POOPY STUFF.
If you are under 13, the chat is disabled unless your parents say you can use it.
There is is a chat filter which instead of showing “b***h”, it shows #####.
One time I was playing “Roblox High School 2”, which is a pretty clean game, I saw people making sexual remarks in the chat so I just left the server and joined a different one.
Don’t blame Roblox for the games, because they don’t make them!
Also, people put links for “Free Robux” in the chat and they ask four your username and password then they hack you.
:)

Now Roblox may have some cons like: Toxic ro-gangsters, sometimes non helpful customer service, swearing, and scented con games.
But don't think of the bad stuff about Roblox.
ok first of all ive been playing for about 9 yrs now yes i know that roblox had its ups and downs at times but its pretty safe the moderation sucks but.. like what the hell somebody said that its as bad as gta ok then roblox has strip clubs that dont get banned and ABOUT 30 minutes just no all these reveiws are pretty cringe ok roblox can also be very educational yes theres predaters have you jack ass's heard of privacy settings (lol) all these news reports of roblox are just false i cant stand it also than
"Roblox exposes my son or daughter to sex"
no it doesn't.
If someones being rude or mean or asking for your password.
You parents are losers and never give your kids freedom.
Roblox thought my kids to curse.
That's not true.
If u go to your kids school u will hear kids dropping the F bomb.
Sure it contains blood, but it's red squares.
Death is normally falling to pieces and saying "OOF!".
Sure people make "Sex games" but they're only findable if you actually LOOK for them.
So kids won't be seeing them any time soon.
If people are swearing, block them!
I think there shouldn’t be racist children in the game!
It’s very hard for poc to actually cope with what they are saying.
it’s kind of sad, because then again these are children and teens they should be taught well by their peers, or guardians before even getting on a game and saying such harmful things to people who are doing nothing wrong!
It’s just not my ideal thing!
It’s also very annoying and rude for poc just from my perspective I think it should NOT be allowed in the game if I will continue to play or have roblox .
Anything inappropriate gets removed or banned almost instantly.
Its horrible.
People bypass, swear, go in condo games *to have sex* and there's so much gore and blood.
I have encountered some bullying.
For example when I was playing royale high (a popular game on roblox) I encountered someone who was saying "all gays should burn in hell it says that in the bible god created 2 genders and gays should just kill themself" this was extremely hurtful to everyone and it can impact so many people in an awful way.
People can experience alot of cyber bullying in roblox.
Roblox is a very biased game and ill say it again it can impact your child or whoever is playing roblox in a way.
My mom says that roblox is very dangerous from the sites she looked at.
For me I already knew this stuff so when i encountered it i just ignored it.
I have everything off other than chat so i cant interact with my friends on the game.
I have never encountered someone like a pedophile  but im sure a lot of people had
overall roblox is good just sometimes the players can be extremely toxic.
And don't say that Roblox likes to take all of your money, Because robux always used to be expensive.
ALSO, If you think your child is doing bad on roblox don't blame roblox.
Your child has done that not roblox.
About scams, Never ever think roblox is going to give you robux unless it's a event on the offical site roblox.com.
About violence, Seriously!
Everyone that thinks roblox is  too violent what makes you think it is?
Also here is my disagreement regarding reading the reviews.
Do not say roblox is not kid friendly for having some 18+ games.
When roblox heard about it, those games got deleted.
Do not blame roblox for bullying.
Roblox is not a gold digger company.
People who claim that roblox doesn't ban rich players is giving outdated information.
Roblox accidentally banned a rich player whom spent $10,000 on roblox.
While it was accidental, roblox still doesn't accept people spending money on their game doing bad stuff.
It sensors out numbers in the chat, bad words and when I met up with my cousin on there it censored her name when she was trying to tell me that it was her.
ARE YOU REALLY SAYING THIS GAME IS FOR TEENS.
And even if a user asks for personal info parents you should teach your kids what to do because news flash, people do this in real life.
And if it was for 17+ the makers would be doing really bad with this game and it would probably be taken off of the app store.
And like your kids have never heard a bad word in there life.
AND FOR THE THINGS PEOPLE ARE SAYING IS ON ROBLOX EITHER IS NOT OR YOUR ACCOUNT GETS BANNED FOR DOING THAT STUFF.
This game has violence.
So if your kids is copying the violence just give them another game that is for all ages!
I noticed that there is some shooting and fake blood on screen but not liquid!
SO parents it also contains bullying and guns and that is it.
My friends get used to play them but I quit because my brain can rot quickly!
ROBLOX is a really good game but there is a bad side.
But, people can be very mean.
When I was playing once, this guy came up and bullied me for no reason.
He called me a noob just for having safe chat on.
Some people swear alot because there are hacks to get past the moderation.
There are some bad games like piggy or da hood but stay away from those.
The "robux" in game currency, costs money.
And scammers.
Lets say a family wasted all their money on a kids robux.
And them gets scammed for it.
That is basically scamming a family's money.
You should teach you kids to stay away from those bad games.
If your household does not like violence then don't play Piggy.
Don't blame it on Roblox that your son was cursing.
I do know how to curse but I never use it.
I read through the reviews people are putting on here about people "cursing, sex, and violence", and I truly don't understand.
My parents did this and until I was 13 (I am now 14, and still adore Roblox) and until we turned it off, I could not do or see the following things on my account:

- Enter numbers on chat; if someone is trying to get your child's information they will be unable to put it in the chat if their chat is on (you could just turn off the chat until you think they are at an age where they can protect themselves online though)
- See explicit content on the app; your child will be unable to join any game on Roblox th
- Type or see inappropriate words in chat; your child will not be able to say any explicit words or look at them in the chat if another player tries to say a bad word (while there are ways to get around Roblox on chat for older kids WITHOUT SafeChat, such as spaceing your word out or using numbers, my sister has a younger child account, and we have tested if she can see these kind of things, and she can't.
What actually CAN be hacked is your Roblox ACCOUNT.
If you have a super simple password like 12345dog, I can pretty much say with certainty, YOU WILL GET HACKED.
Hackers can easily find these kind of things on the internet.
The people saying that "my child spends to much time on it" or "my kids addicted to it", YOU ARE THE PARENT!
I didn't know what to do, and I was too scared to say what I had seen.
If my parent's weren't alerted to the matter, I could've been scarred for life.
Roblox had way too many games with blood for an audience mostly kids 9-13.
the reason i hate this game is because all my friend went to it and left me.
this game truly sickins my heart to see what people have created.
i hate what they have done and they should delete their game.
this game has stole my childs money and savings.
another reason this game is terrible is because they have WEAPONS in it, i dont know if it is just me or if ANYONE out there is smart, but i dont think i want my child to be influenced with shooting killing and other violent acts.
honestly i will do anything in my power to get this game off the internet.
i will even injure the players of roblox to force them to uninstall the game.
i hate anyone and everyone who plays this game.
i have even had to lock my kids up in my basement to teach them a lesson.
Roblox moderation team is on top of the bad content and deletes it fast.
Wouldn’t recommend.
Other parents may say "There is too much bad stuff going on inside this game like too much violence!"
Or "There is too much swearing!"
Trust me parents do not trust these reviews.
They are trying to keep your kids from fun so let your kids have some fun.
There is the this game is so bad it has people being murdered and people having sex don’t play it it’s bad.
The only 3 concerns you should have is scammers because they are a huge problem as well as violence which is literally just like a Lego character falling apart come on it’s not bad.
And finally just check what your kid is doing, in all these reviews some of them say people who online date exist and yes they do but it’s never worse then 2 Lego characters facing each other like first of all to get anything wrong into your game it has to be approved by Roblox first.
To say anything wrong you have to be so obscure it’s unreal come on you can’t even say a number.
Literally nothing on this website is bad except for 1 thing.
For the recent 3-4 years the staff had been downplaying Roblox and it's community by getting overboard with consumerism, the consumerism inevitably grew out to other issues among the community, such as uptick in violent games, cyberbullying and much more.
The start of the problem begun when Tix (Currency that can be collected for free) was removed, with Roblox's reason was for to "Stop the alternate account drive".
However, Roblox staff went directly straightforward and just decided to annihilate Tix forever.
The removal caused outrage and mess among the community of people who play the game without any microtransactions.
Though there are still much of kid-friendly content on the front page of Roblox, its still very easy for kids to get exposed to violent ones.
Of course, the games in Roblox are very vulnerable to cyberbullying, and since the removal of Tix, that made a steep increase.
After the removal, however, I can not stand a full hour of Roblox without some people calling me "poor", and other words a bully in the real world might say.
Roblox staff have also added the most shocking thing to me; Roblox Premium Modela.
Summary: Unless if you are able to trudge through the immense pay to win and poor staff decisions, Roblox is not for you.
I am a kid who played ROBLOX for 3 years and there are some problems with the game people go around swearing but that is what the internet is if your child wants to play you can make an account for free and go to settings in the top right and there are chat settings to disable different things and there are a lot of scams on YouTube about how to get free ROBUX which is an in game purchase to help jazz out your avatar and buy different perks in game but there are some games that involve inappropriate stuff s
There was a super dirty game on roblox(no need to give the name)but it got banned.The only other game I can think of that is dirty is Shower Sim.In this game the player goes in the shower with other people.You can switch genders and go in the opposite sex's shower.I witnessed a player trying to hump and rape another player.
So it doesn't matter HOW old you are you shouldn't play it.
I love this game but if someone says something weried ignore them me I had something happen to me like that so I was playing adopt me the regular one and there was this other girl that said to me we have a lot to do in bed that when I turned it of luckily I never saw that girl again an I’m not lesbian no offense if you are lesbian there a little bit of bad things in roblox but there is a way to turn of your chat but one game I played it was like sexy music I’m single though so there some violence but it’s n
Because I accidentally joined an inflation game.
;-;
my future kid should see more gun and violence in roblox.
all parents are pussies.
I think is for 11 year olds because it got swearing, abusing, and more dangers.
I went in and got in trouble again, fyi some parents are really strict about the website.
I dont like these parents who dont care about roblox and what they abuse about.
You can hump other players without having them give consent!!!
hardcore pornography.
Do NOT let your children play this game.
Oh, and by the way, if you have entered your credit card information once, your kid can spend upwards of a thousand dollars on fake money.
The problem with this is that of course, as parents, you should be worried about the privacy issues.
I know that there are predators on roblox and roblox Oders.
THEY DON'T BLOCK CERTAIN SWEAR WORDS.
Roblox of course, blocks the bad words, like the F-bomb, B-word, S-word, and mean and offensive words.
You can say that in a roblox game, and you can say hell, gay, suck, stupid, and dumb.
Of course, this would be offensive to your child and very hurtful.
Roblox has a bunch of game with guns, knives, and dang, BLOOD.
Phantom forces and Arsenal are other games to mention, since both games include gun violence, and Phantom Forces has blood splatter.
To me, this is so wrong because Roblox should let player EARN Robux, instead making their parents waste money on some currency when you could use the money for many other things.
In conclusion, Roblox definitely has a lot of flaws.
It's so pointless TO PAY JUST TO PLAY A FREAKING  GAME!
When roblox is fun sometimes, it can be ridiculous.
Im a kid telling parents this is a good game and to people who already rated and said iTs a trASh gAme first you little shit, chat filter is very fucking sensitive and it  is possible to bypass the chat filter and say s!
@#$ but those still censor it and if you are under 13 you have safe chat on which doesnt let you say numbers nor swear words in fact in never lets lets you you stupid shits plus some games are not violent AT ALL.
People may be "mean" just block them you stupid fuck ,its very easy.
At times there can be inappropriate or robux scam games which you can report to customer service and even get the developer of the game's account terminated PERMANENTLY .
(Children's Online Privacy Protection Act)

-That is all I have to say goodbye sincerely,  SomeRandom_idiot
When adults hear the word online in a kids game, they instantly just take it as a bad platform.
But really, it's not!
Parents really need to get in touch with this game and understand their children better.
But lets face it, we all have heard of kids spending real life money on "accident".
Like how does that happen?
Do your kids not see that big $ sign?
Do your kids have dis-lexia.
ODers are online-daters.
The ONLY reason why your kid would be in Mocap is if there looking for a girl/boy.
So its just THERE fault for joining the game.
Just tell them not to answer random friend request.
And if your kid actually says YES to a ODer, its there fault.
And  don't ban your kid from this unless THEY are the ones asking for relationships, cursing, ete.
And ALL of the cursing that they do they get from the parent, not the kid!
I was cursing in fourth grade!
AND DONT BAN YOUR KID ITS TRAUMATIC AND I PRAY THEY NEVER FORGIVE IF YOU DO BECAUSE IK HOW IT FEELS TO GET A PART OF YOU LIFE TAKEN AWAY (my dog died).
Roblox had dangerous incidents in the past.
Don't play this game.
Just not fun.
The audience for this platform is not very set, because it really isn't a game itself.
It's basically games made by kids, for kids.
Not that this platform isn't exploiting young developers and underpaying them, but you could always make your own research on that, especially if you or your kid is going to make a game.
Roblox can have bypassed games that may include sex, but they don't allow these games and they get taken down fairly quickly.
Never go to links from people you don't know aren't trying to scam you.
People bypass, exploit, hack, and bully.
On violence the game isn’t that bad, there is some guns and knifes, stabbing, but it’s not graphic at all.
If you feel comfortable with Star Wars violence, Roblox isn’t even really there.
There is some scary stuff though.
Creepy pasta and that stuff.
Me and my brother actually had to delete because one of the games, The Normal Elevator, featured a jumpscare of Slenderman and he’s scarred.
Another reason I had to delete it is because one young girl was approached by a child predator in the game.
He went up to her avatar and “r***ed her.
It didn’t do anything he was just typing in the in game chat and saying different things like what he was supposed to be doing.
Now I quit the game in late 2018 so I have no clue what it’s like now.
And language wise there is literally nothing, it tags out all numbers and swears and there’s no way to get past it and trick it.
And don’t call me a Karen I’m just a highly educated 12 year old.
Bad stuff happens when you leave a kid unchecked online.
Roblox does do a pretty bad job with their moderation, though.
If you see anything that doesn't seem right, ask them about it or search it up.
This info is private and somewhat prevents mature content.
If you don't do this, the next person whose kid spent $6000 dollars could be you, and I'm sure you don't want that to happen.
Here's a short list of games you most definitely should avoid.
Just from the name, you should know this is a gang-based game with much violence and gore.
These games are a cover for online daters and pedophiles.
Just stay away.
RS is an actually great game, but recently it has developed a problem with mass amounts of toxic players there.
These people are very toxic, and generally terrible people.
There are many people on Roblox who will try to get information about you, or scam you.
The most popular game, "Adopt Me", has a massive scammer problem.
When I was younger, I was scammed and lost mass amounts of valuable items.
please don't make any  controversial karen this game was the best if you review please look zt the background of roblox if you say roblox sucks me is not please if you have a promble please attach some emails and go to roblox.com/support for more question and information the roblox tries to make a civil platform and it's not a game is a platform for games to created please don't kill the passion of your child if he or she so addicted skipping eating and never studying please don't blame roblox it's your kid
Yes, with any online game that involves people creating things, there are some inappropriate games on roblox, but roblox itself moderates nearly all of these and you would have to spend an hour trying to find anything inappropriate to actually find anything.
As for people who think sword fighting or something(without any type of blood or anything like that) will influence kids to make them want to stab people in the future, all I can say is no.
That's not how it works.
Why teach kids about history then?
How many kids know who Adolf Hitler is?
How many kids want to be Adolf Hitler in the future?
Anyway, you won't find anything very inappropriate on Roblox unless you're explicitly searching for something bad, and even then, it'd be hard.
Any bad thing would be deleted within a day of being known by any random person on the platform, and within an hour of being anywhere near popular.
This is an online game, so of course their will be bad people here.
The chat filters out numbers and words like "damn" for people under 13 too.
my kid died when he played roblox
there used to be words that you cant say now 2020 version, but its the community that's the problem, not the game itself.
most games seem innocent, a roleplay or a tycoon or a first person shooter, yet these games are made by the community not the actual company.
so therefore some games can be very inappropriate.
but those games aren't common, usually found by discord servers and banned within  a day.
there are multiple things that are bypassed on Roblox, one is audios,  though not as bad, people can play loud noises of porn and hate speech, other ways it bypassed is to play uncensord music.
sometimes even naked shirts and lewd clothing.
again these get deleted often.
the diversity is insane there are names of each type of style and a stereotype that goes with it, "copy and paste" are mostly female users that typically date other players.
next is the "slenders" tall usually male players who try to date the "copy and pastes" which are VERY rude to others and act inappropriate.
next is the "blockies" these are the nicest out of the styles but sometimes have problems.
they are seen as the "band kids" of Roblox, but they seems to hate the other styles and think their style is the "Og" and classic style .
next are emos.
they are seen by both genders and aren't too bad other than the fact that they are fake depressed kids who feel "dead inside".
i see them as the worst kind.
these are people who pretend to be a gangbanger or gangster usually trying to replicate  a blood or Crip.
they are rude and each very cringey towards others.
i would go on but it seems like this rant is enough.
this game needs a better community thats all, i think that we got older over the years and now its more of a teen game than a kids game.
There are some inappropriate games out there, but they get banned early, so no worries!
If you encounter a bully, report them, and they'll get a warning saying that they shouldn't do this behavior.
Sadly it is rated 13+ and kids should get parental approval before playing.
Some games can be not okay to certain ages or people.
There are some very bad games (About inappropriate stuff), But I think if you just monitor your kid they'll be fine like check on them every few minutes.
Here are the flaws:
1.
People work around ways to make things not be a "#" which happens when someone tries to say a bad, inappropriate stuff, or their age.
There are some sex games which I don't approve of but you can simply make your child stop playing them.
Yes, there is some Bullying and innapropriate content, But you can block people and their chats won't show up.
There are games like neon District and Welcome to Bloxburg that can teach you the value of money but then there's games that have no point like 'Eat Sand".
Not one that will hack your computer or mobile device but one that the creator can turn into an innaproprite thing and then the model you used turns into that and it can get you banned.
ROBUX: The Robux problem has been one of mine for soo long.
I have been begging my parents for some but it costs money, which I don't think is relevant itself.
INNAPPROPRIETE CONTENT: This is a MAJOR problem on Roblox.
There are many pedos, over aged men, predators, and more on Roblox.
Last year (Age 8) I had to face the danger of a predator.
His words replied with: "If you don't do what I say, I will track you and k*** all of your family members."
Some games have weapons and other things we don't like.
Now I don’t know if you know just how long it takes to code a simple game that just has a character jumping.
So it is a shame if you don’t play this game because all the effort would go to waste.
While most of the whole world is quite upset about being quarantined at home due to Coronavirus, there is a sector that is extremely happy!
Imagine this: a disease is rapidly spreading among the world of video games as we speak (or read.)
This deadly virus is jumping from game to game, plaguing even the largest and most popular video games by the second, unleashing more damage the video game world has never experienced before.
And that disease is: the huge lack of originality.
You might think that flying games are boring.
However, if you’re going to say that flying games are boring, you’re either lying or you’ve never played PTFS.
It stands out among the disease that is: the huge lack of originality.
my brother started at age 8 and now he's 12 and still plays it but there are swearing and inappropriate thing's the other players do that i don't wan't my little brother to see and there are some other players who role play and say in the chat "smokes" and iI don't like what my brother is seeing.
Violence- Some fps games can have blood, but it's usally just red squares
Sex- Roblox's graphics are cartoony and lego-ish, but some games may be innapropriate, so report the game immediently if you find one and play a different game.
swearing- roblox has a chat filter that censors out swears with hashtags (###)
consumerism- roblox offers in game currency called "robux" used to purchase in game clothes and game passes
drinking/smoking like i said, there may be a few games with innapropriate content, report them immediently
saftey- some games may contain links to "free robux" and stuff like that.
DO NOT click a link if you don't know where it takes you.
A lot of parents accuse Roblox of having sex, blood, and drugs.
This isn't particularly true.
Roblox is not at fault for their dumb community.
Sometimes kids roleplay adult themes because I dunno, they probably wished they weren't single.
Your not gonna see the front page games filled with sex-related games.
If your kid doesn't like blood there is a simple fix.
Just don't play games that have blood.
Many parents attack Roblox for petty reasons like "my kid spent my entire credit card on robux" and such.
once every couple of days Adopt me has an update, most of the time its new pets recently roblox has had some problems with their servers because of those uptades mostly because they don't prepare for the massive ammount of players that join the game as soon as the countdown reaches 10 seconds.
A lot of players have blaimed Adopt me for the lag that comes with the update instead of blaiming Roblox for their ignorance.
Those cheaters somethimes upload themselves hacking to youtube to get some money out of the views.
Roblox has had a hacker problem ever since it had been lauched and even with the proof right in front of them they simply do nothing.
The players have told roblox to do something for years via the report feature roblox implemented into their game, but yet roblox did nothing.
But Roblox made the rilter censor the wrong things, regular words that arent even related to swearing or anything contreversial.
The players found ways to bypass the filter tho, people were saying the n-word left and right, swearing at children, any hope of having a safe childhood for your child was lost.
One day, they just stopped, no warning, they just stopped.
The community was furious, no longer could the Free-to-Play community get cosmetics without paying.
Now a days roblox only does events on count of partnerships, no free cosmetics to be found.
Not to mention the massive ammount of cash grabby games that roblox hasnt deleted yet, most of them were either tycoons or obbys, you couldn't go into a game without pay-to-win aspects anymore, most of them were botted to appear in the popular section so nthey could get more children to buy their useless gamepasses and become rich off roblox's creator exchange program.
And not to mention the "Free robux" scams, games would appear in the front page left and right because of the massive ammount of bots put into those games so players would put their login info and lose all of their gains over the years.
I've lost great friends by the hands of those scammers, never found them again.
If you're not a complete snowflake you'll be able to pwer through the shitty community of roblox and end up in the good side if it.
One thing I don't like is how the community has the tendency to pick on the "minority" of the game, who are called "Noobs".
However, the billing may be leading up to you basically being scammed.
"Premium" is a membership that gives you robux per month, but Premium can mess up on the last day and not give you the robux  you deserved.
This causes Premium to slowly cancel itself after the expiration date, but not giving you robux.
Tho parents r BARELY EVER RIGHT!!!!!
However, some people find ways to bypass this and say bad words.
Creating games is difficult, as to create a good game, users will need to learn Lua, the scripting language Roblox uses.
Being a kid, I have asked for Robux, but my parents never let me purchase them.
Websites that promise free robux are fake.
Roblox was good until covid-19 there are a bunch of teenagers and I have been in countless games were teenagers have been saying some 'explicit content' things.
I am eleven and I understand this stuff because I watch rated R stuff, But some kids my age and younger have no idea what that stuff is.
There is a lot and I mean a lot of swearing.
SOME roblox youtubers are good as well, But youtubers like Flamingo aren't Flamingo kidnaps people, burns people, makes inappropriate jokes, and he trolls people.
He also does other things that aren't very, well, appropriate.
He doesn't cuss or have any 'sex' videos on his channel, But he still isn't very appropriate, He has an effect on people in roblox, I was playing bloxburg and I was a baby and this guy game up to me and said "Fresh meat" and started chasing me.
I love roblox but I try my hardest not to get involved in bad things, In this game called murder mystery 2 not only is there guns and knifes, But there is also more teenagers, They play loud and bypassed ( cuss words that aren't blocked ) audios on they're boom boxes, And while you can mute radios, They also cuss, and do and say things that involve.
drugs, sex, smoking, swearing, and other things of that.
Just some advice, Roblox isn't all bad, But youtubers like flamingo and teenagers make it bad.
Bloxburg does show a good life lesson, If you don't pay your bills your power goes out if you don't eat your starving, If you don't take a shower you get stinky, If you don't work you have a chance of being poor, If you don't have a house then you can't get up your moods, just that stuff.
Oh yea and there is also hackers all over roblox, And they hack peoples accounts, Be aware of that as well.
These parents are basically judging a book by its cover.
and with the shooter games, THERE IS NO BLOOD JUST BLOCKS.
Besides, if there was blood, Roblox would ban it immediately.
Oh, and the swearing?
FOR ME IT WAS NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE TO BYPASS THE CHAT FILTER AND YOU CAN'T EVEN TYPE NUMBERS.
You may need to pay money for it, but I'm not the one parenting, so if you don't want your kid to get robux then STOP GIVING YOUR KID YOUR CREDIT CARD NUMBER.
sorry for the screaming
If you’re worried about your kids getting bullied or being unsafe, you can turn off chat.
I had a 2 year break from roblox only because someone said “you suck” to me, and I didn’t know that you could turn off chat.
ROBLOX does occasionally have bypassed games, but these are deleted quite fast.
Many of the more popular games tend to have 25k+ or more players on it, so the chances of your kid ever stumbling upon a game such as this is incredibly slim.
If your child hasn’t lied about their age, they automatically have safe chat enabled and don’t have the ability to type numbers, which protects them from giving your phone number out, or your location out to anyone, they can’t even share their age.
It can be inappropriate and some games should be limited by the age you put in at sign up.
As in many karen mother's around the world, I don't understand there opinions of how horrible this game is.
You can be whatever you want, zombie, rich man, police officer, and many many more.
Also if they're playing on a computer don't let them build anything inappropriate in Roblox Studio.
Also make it to where their friends can talk to them if someone is saying bad things.
I let my kid have roblox and the next day he got hacked.
We lost so much money
-Mean People: Some users (not all tho) act superior and call who they think are "poor" or "beginner" harsh names.
-Cursing: Yes, I know, Roblox has a filtering system (#) but some players surpass it by using symbols instead of numbers (eg $ instead of S)

-Scams: If you ever see a game that is titled "Free Robux" or "Unlimited Adopt Me Pets," I warn you, DON'T PLAY IT.
From my experience, the hackers use your password to go into your account and then you get logged out and can't log back in no matter what, even if your account is verified.
-Violent games: There are some games like "Survival the Jeff the Killer" or "Survive Area 51" or something like that.
Unless you are mature enough and don't get scared easily, I don't recommend you horror/violent games.
Sadly many games teach your kids about online dating and many people have made hidden sex games called condos, also you are playing with strangers and you never know what they can do to your child.
I also found hidden games that teach others about nazism and the Holocaust please make sure your kids are not secretly playing these types of games.
Also, there are demonic cults and LGBTQ games so beware of that.
Roblox has a lot of hackers who can find your address or possibly even send death threats.
Roblox has a lot of bloody and violent games so please make sure your kids are not playing those games.
I hate Roblox it sucks
Roblox's cesnor is a little bit too harsh, because you can not type numbers, and if you try to type a long sentence, it's most likely gonna censor it because of roblox's rule of privacy.
Just saying, the roblox reporting doesen't work anymore.
it used to work back in 2013, but doesen't anymore.
One thing though, if anyone says they want FREE ROBUX, * in game currency * Just INGORE them.
They are beggers.
Please note that some roblox games are SCAMS.
and says to enter in your username or password, THAT IS A SCAM.
if you decide to type it in, you will get hacked.
They have hashtags that tag out any inappropriate, rude, or disgusting things and even has an option to turn off chat.
But there is some problems.
Some users will use exploits and ask for "sex" , they also act like they smoke and drink but remember, most of these people saying they are smoking and drinking are minors who are just a bit silly.
They'd never actually do it.
They can also face warnings and bans , or even account deletion.
Kid bullying you/swearing?
Block them.
Your kid won't be abled to see the bully's messages anymore.
Your kid is swearing?
Kid's can fall for robux scam's all the time.
There are games like Arsenal, phantom forces, and reason 2 die.
Parents seem to think it's bad but they are just piling on.
The only problem is that people use different hacks to swear.
Almost every game I join someone uses keys like *&^ to swear.
Yes there are shooter games and violence.
The inappropriate content parents find their kids on is their fault for not teaching their kids common sense.
There are people who byepadd the filter and customer service isnt always the best.
There are kid friendly games and games that arent as kid friendly.
The reason people are getting hacked is giving out their information and trying to get free robux.
Scrolling through parents reviews, I was kind of alarmed by some of the things they were saying.
If anything, the ROBLOX chat censers out TOO much.
Kitsune was censored, and so are all inappropriate words.
Also, tell your kids not to swear!
We shouldn't be.
Many parents insist that their kids learned swear words from ROBLOX.
I'm a middle schooler, and I can tell you that kids there drop F-bombs all over the place.
I know you'd like to think your kids don't swear, but they do.
Parents are getting mad at ROBLOX because their kids spent all of their money on robux.
You're blaming ROBLOX for the fact that your child stole your credit card, found where to buy robux, bought them, put in all of your information, and bought robux?
Not only is this unlikely, but how is that ROBLOX's fault?
I have a lot of problems with these reviews, but if I go on this review will be the length of a novel.
First off: No, Roblox is NOT filled with pedophiles.
If they’re stubborn and won’t accept alternatives, grounding would be a much better punishment so they can understand and learn what’s right and what’s wrong, and what isn’t appropriate for them yet.
A good example would be some people with a boom box playing inappropriate audio, or others attempting to bypass the chat filter Roblox has placed.
You can report multiple features if they violate Roblox’s ToS, from shirts to models to games.
There are almost no ways to make robux without spending at minimum, 5 USD on it.
In games like natural disaster survival, it has barely any game passes, but it’s a game where you can die by (you guessed it) natural disasters, which could be for educational purposes and teach them the aspects of floods or volcanos, however I recommend them being a little older for games like those.
Also keep in mind that most children tend to not tell or hide what they’re doing because they’re afraid of consequences from the parent, such as being yelled at or spanked.
There is bad people on chat but you can turn off chat and that is my only complaint
I have read other reviews saying that kids bought Robux (Roblox's virtual currency) without permission.
There are inappropriate games, but they get taken down quickly, and the accounts are poison banned.
Yes, there are bullies, but every online game has bullies in one way or another.
If you don't want to hear that, stay out of Murder Mystery 2.
If you think the game is to violence or to scary for the kid, don’t let them play it.
Games like jailbreak, piggy (only the piggy), scary elevator, etc don’t let them play it.
2) Sexual or bad words.
A lot of words are censored or tagged, but some words like damn (some consider that a bad word but mostly it just kids use it as a feeling or expression).
Sexual things are also censored, unless it cloths and it disappears or doesn’t appear, it’s just some bugs in the game.
A lot of people say mean things or bully which it’s surprising since people bully anywhere.
And don’t blame Roblox on sexual thing.
It’s the players you should be blaming.
And if there are people who are annoying or don’t use good grammar, just don’t worry because a lot of people are annoying.
And don’t expect players to have good grammar.
Some are kids, don’t expect them to have instantly good grammar.
I’m 13 and I sometimes don’t have good grammar.
A lot of games are bad but if you feel like they should not play it, don’t let them play it.
Adopt me is a okay game but theirs a lot of mean people and you can just close the chat or ignore them.
I see a lot of people fight mean people or ignore them.
Report them if they are constantly bullying someone or your kids, like I said the people who work on the game can fix or do something about it.
And their are a lot of people who stand up for someone like in a game called loomian legacy (a Pokémon like game) a person was really rude and mean to people who were bisexual or they like different genders.
6) Roblox said that kids should not tell other people their private messages and other things people should not know.
And you should not blame the game since the game have a lot of info for the parents to know what the kids should not do
I get it, 600 workers vs over millions of users, but like once I said "Green" in ROBLOX and it got tagged and said #####
Once I was in a game someone said "***k" and it didn't get tagged
I don't know about violence cause it's Lego characters shooting each other, so I don't think it's to violent
The ban system is stupid, like seriously, Flamingo get's banned for saying "Yes"
I think the moderation just needs a serious improvement, the moderaters should just search "Adopt Me" or "Free Robux" and see all the g
Any bad words will be filtered out.The violent side is not too bad.Dying is just like little Lego bricks and there is rarely blood and if there is, it is just little red squares.It teaches kids to persevere, how to save money and how to look after a family.
but you might get scammed.
people can send bad messages.
You do play with other people so there’s a potential for bullying.
Not many people are rude but you will come across some people that are.
But, there can be some inappropriate games/content that may not be suitable for your kids.
In Roblox, if you swear or say anything inappropriate or numbers (for the child's safety), it will be usually censored.
Roblox can have some inappropriate games on it.
But if you want your child to not see these types of games, you can either delete the app or monitor whatever your child is doing on Roblox as people could swear and there could be inappropriate things in Roblox games.
Violence.
By far I have not seen any games which include blood and gore but some of them may be not suitable for your kids.
I say you need it because people pretty much make games only to gain robux.
When you first make your account you will need to choose your gender, and then it will automatically put a terrible avatar that you MUST change buy using robux or free clothing.
You need to change your avatar as you may be bullied or just be discriminated in the game and be called as "Bacon Hair" or other names like that.
But the reason why robux can be expensive because if you would make a website which millions of people log on to everyday, wouldn't you make a in-app purchase which is expensive?
Without robux, the developers of the game wouldn't even earn any money!
So I play Roblox for 2 years now and I thought there are some violence in this game but who you guys blame ROBLOX,Game Devs
THE PERSON YOU SHOULD BLAME IS YOU,YOU THE ONE THAT LET YOUR CHILD PLAY THIS SO DEAR ALL THOSE STUPID PARENTS PLEASE STFU YOU THE ONE LET YOUR CHILDREN PLAY SO IT'S NOT ANYONE PROBLEM JUST ONLY YOU.
but they dont ever take action with people u report and they dont ever care about who u report
so to parents out there...

dont let your kids play roblox.... my mom wont let me, i am perfectly happy with that.
roblox is a bad place, and someone asked me to be their girlfriend soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo yeah.
it is also got a lot of bad things like trading centers and dating centers they replaced the word Sex with Six as well so u can talk about and pretend like u are having sex in the game which is nasty
u can also adopt other players as your kid is it gross?
please just don't playyy itttt!!!!
it is horrible... it is unsafe... it is so unsafe my mom doesn't let me play it...
it is horribily not safe.
The moderation bot is just sad.Reporting does nothing dont even bother reporting because of bullies or swearing.And a game got content deleted but its original.Worst of all its so easy to hack and social engineer the admins.And dont even get me started on exploiting.No one cares if you exploit LOL.The people that care is probably the devs,owner,and admin of the game.
It is a safe game, and parents complain about their "5 year old child learning bad words and getting violent and depressed".
Roblox doesn't cause this, you being a bad parent does.
Go and drink your alcohol and go abuse them, don't blame it on roblox for being a bad parent.
Note: There IS some violence, but not much blood apart from in specific games that you can stop your child from playing.
Mostly, it's just touching people with various weapons until their health goes down and they die (break into a few pieces).
Extremely scary games but you know what imma say so check someone else's review out.
I have tons of friends who downloaded this in kindergarten and for me that feels not okay but I was just allowed to download this and for me privacy isn’t a concern.
There is no blood or anything and when you die you just fall apart into BLOCKS so it’s not like it’s gory.
You can’t write numbers in the chat so it’s impossible to write phone numbers, addresses or ages.
You can’t write names either.
Words like crap will be hashtags  and so will other swears.
Just don’t buy this game for young kids.
The game is only good for people who are 13 and above because of the “safe-chat”and limited privacy settings for users under 13 years of age.
The “safe-chat” system blocks users under the age of 13 to type for example numbers in the chat.
There is innaproprate chat and some bad games.
Dont play bad games like jailbreak, prison life, and gang up on people simulator.
Never ever let your child access your money in roblox, roblox involves LOTS of money, 1 cent per  a online dollar, the more money you pay, the more discount you get, I suggest going and buying a giftcard instead of using a credit card.
There is setting that help you stop chat because some people bypass roblox filter and say bad things, but it isn't always like that and you can report it to roblox so they can fix it.
I suggest not joining Club games.
Some games are about death so watch out for those, I suggest playing the games first before your child.
Ok, first off if you don't have online access, this will just waste 15 minutes of your day installing it, and then uninstalling it.
Even when you install it, it's pretty boring.
Ok, and I'm not gonna lie, but I'm pretty trash at all the games.
Probably way better on mobile because the other games on Xbox make Roblox look trash.
The reviews here say that roblox is pedo-city.
It honestly isn't.
Yes there are gory games but it's a few blocks of blood and you think your kid's a murderer.
If you don't want your kids to see the chat or chat turn of the chat .
Some they shouldn't play is Piggy,Puppet ,ant horror game .
but if your under 7 I wouldn't recommend it because if your under 7 you just wouldn't understand chatting, and gun games for 5 year olds?
I rated it 7+ because the violence is very cartoony, also I think common sense media needs to update the age rating because all the sex problems are gone.
also they should remove ratings from 3 years ago or longer ago, because the game changes a lot and ratings from classic roblox should not count.
also I NEVER SEEN ONLINE DATING EVER THERE'S NO SEX OMG
i am VREY diss[pted with robloc, me and my bestie EmilyWoman77 were p;laying meep city, when i got groomed by BigPappyGuac and BigMuscleManFelix.
i a,m vetr sad and not happy, DONT PLAY THIS GAME OR YOU LIKE KIDS.
There is seriously not alot to complain about.
But meep city is a toxic pile of trash.
it needs to be deleted.
people are extremely rude and mean, they use slurs and they curse.
they get really toxic really fast.
However, it does contain some violent content.
Child predators often use sexual harassment methods on ROBLOX, since nearly half of all American children have an account on the platform.
No, condo games have been content deleted.
I TELL YOU, SERACH UP ANY WAY TO FIND THEM, AND THE ONLY SERACH RESULTS YOU GET IS CONTENT DELETED.
But it is very consumerist, some games are like: to play the game give me 10 dollars ore else it will be impossible, and a big paywall.
The minigames are not bad but do get tiring, there can be chat abuse and also in guns games clouds of blood come from dead people when they are shot with realistic looking guns.
Although with blocky people the blood loks bad.
I would recomned this game for low teens however they may be bored by it quicky
The players can be good or just plain out rude sometimes for example "toxic" childish people will start picking or harassing other kids minding their own business just to pick up fights.
Also trolls they don't really do much harm other than just be annoying.
Just don't provoke them.
Here are some things that you shouldn't play:

*Murder Mystery, Part One Or Part 2

*Baldi's Basics

*Piggy

*Escape the Facility

*Halloween

A lot more.
ive played it since 2016,/ the only problem isthe community can be awful mostly because the community is filled with people of different point of views.
It can teach kids things like the game Jailbreak, where it can show kids how being a criminal is hard and it will show that in reality it is even harder.
It will make kids think 2 times before the do crime in real life.
Because you play with random people on the site they will end up being inappropriate (Sometimes).
If this happens you can ask them to stop using the ROBLOX chat feature.
If this doesn't help, you can report the player; if a player is reported multiple times they will get a message from ROBLOX telling them to stop, otherwise they will get banned.
ROBLOX does have games with violence and horror so if you are a child ask your parent/guardian if you are allowed to play.
Some games sadly do have inappropriate content so you can also report the game if it has bad contented.
if you think its bad your wrong
People say that "ROBUX Costs too much".
I do not believe that, and ROBLOX Does NOT Force you to buy ROBUX And other special perks on the website.
The botting on games doesn't get fixed very easily, but its easy to ignore.
And "ROBLOX Condo Games" Get Banned VERY EASILY.
ITS HORRIBLE
every time i enter a free admin game somebody is always blasting music with multiple curse words that almost got me in trouble because they ARE NOT BLEEPED OUT so you need to check your songs better.
Most swear words are banned but people just keep finding loopholes.In the catalog most good items are really really really expensive  for example items called dominuses .
If you want one you have to pay millions in robux  which is really  expensive.Robux is bought at the exchange rate of 5 U.S.D per every 400 robux which can buy verry little on the site,DO NOT buy robux unless you earn thousands every week,not month ,WEEK
well ROBLOX is a good websites its got bad things in it most are...hacks with no tags....and alot of it is drugs or smoking make sure to allow only 7 + or 13+ if your kid wants to play roblox
This is a great game and fun to use but some people act inappropriately such as being racist, saying random cuss words or the S word, or just being a bully.
I wouldn't recommend this for younger kids.
Many people make games containing murder and violence

People are rude and bullies in some games people may be rude to you because you  beat them in a game just leave the games if this happens
ROBLOX has it's downsides, yes.
But, how some people are completely HATING on ROBLOX is unnecessary.
ROBLOX takes a lot of time to block/delete sex games, or swearing games.
I only have one concern is to changing safe chat, like if you got hacked and they changed the year you were born to 2020, then you would have to switch accounts because of the safe chat.
If you are so mad about predators, teach your child some common sense, and to not interact.
Robux is not needed.
So stop saying that it is, or complaining because your child is asking for it.
If they want it so bad and you don't want to spend simply 5 dollars for a premium membership, let them buy a giftcard.
I hate to include myself in these reviews, but it's an example.
So, if your kid ain't mature enough to know the difference than simply don't let them but if the game is close to your child's heart
Adopt Me, Meepcity, and Royal High), but some games contain violence, which is for people 10 years of age or older.
After about 7 days of playing , you will find:

Beggars who ask for free items
Bully’s who make fun of you
ODERS who... ummm..... Online date
Although content and games are pretty decent
IT HAVES CONDO GAMES PENIS BOOBYS SEX BLOODY KILLERS
My mom let me play roblox at 9 but there are people with pennywise masks and scary images.
Violence, "Jail break" and "Piggy" have a lot of violence a 6 year old kid screamed when they saw piggy.
Safety and Privacy, I say no privacy someone hacked into my account now you might think it is like a rated R movie.
Just wait till' you hear this in the chat and commands people say cuss words you cannot turn it off.
Yes it might have a little killing but they are just BLOX falling apart.
So if you guys think Roblox is a bad game think again BC it isn't.
I mean just BC the internet says so doesnt mean it is.
But if u guys think its a bad game u guys are just HATERS!!
Sorry if I have offended U but we need the truth about Roblox not the lies.
I mean who wants to look like a NOOB!!
So, I know what every parent thinks when they first see this game, something among the lines of either "This game is way too violent for a kid!"
or "There is no way to restrict what your kids do!
It's too much of a privacy risk!"
Well, for the most part, that isn't true.
And that there are more than a few hackers on the platform.
So, if you think your child should not play this game think again.
it has guns violence and swearing it's good all kids should play
The most violent it gets is a stabbing animation.
I know that a lot of Parents think this game is bad because you can interact, friend, and chat with other players, but in the end that's just life.
Sure some people  try to say bad things by spelling it wrong or try to get games past moderation but, as I said before, its just life.
You can report people like that and get them banned from the game, and add parental controls to make it so they must need your permission, they cant friend or chat, and more.
I honestly don’t know anything about it.
Con - Customer service isn't very good.
There are some inappropriate games, but very few.
I honestly don't think a lot of parents understand how Roblox works or what it is.
It's important to remember that the internet is full of Inappropriate videos and pictures.
Roblox can be a really dark place if you search really hard.
I've heard a lot of parents tell me about how "Roblox Moderation is bad" or "Roblox doesn't control the bad stuff of their game!"
But in reality the games or shirts that are strictly prohibited are deleted in less than 1 hour.
Now on the topic of "Pedophiles/People getting groomed."
Honestly, I think that it's very unusual to come across Pedophiles on Roblox, Because, like we have established, Roblox censors out words that could potentially put your life at a risk.
You could also catch some "Online Daters" on the game but, most of the time they are just 7-9 year olds bored with their lives.
It is also prohibited to date according to the Roblox Terms of Service (Also the relation ship between Oders (Online Daters) Lasts less than a week lol) People are getting groomed on every kind of website, and its the parents fault for not monitoring their child correctly.
There are exploiters which can be a problem, and some games have blood.
Beware of scams that take your robux and account though, "Free Robux" does not exist and it only has existed twice, and probably never again.
Do not buy anything at tycoon games unless you know what you are doing.
There is so much good content to play on it but here I am going to be talking about all of the bad side.
CHAT MODERATION
Roblox is infamous for their flawed automated chat moderation.
BUILDING
Also, if you think this game is for creating, turn back right now.
Adopt Me, and any game that has 'Simulator' in the name is known for in-app purchases being slapped all over the screen.
These people often bypass the chat filter with swearing, bully/threaten others, use bypassed/inappropriate audios, songs and decals, ONLINE DATE and perform sexual acts by abusing emotes.
They also may tell you to 'mic up' on Discord where they can say and post anything but a lot of these users are all bark and no bite.
BUDGETING
A very large majority of clothing is botted and stolen.
All of the clothing on the front page catalog is botted.
There is also a market of 'Limited Accessories' that have changing prices and are only owned by a set amount of players...moving onto scamming.
SCAMS
Scamming is a very large issue.
Not so much in Limited Accessory trading but in bots or stolen accounts that will encourage players to visit phishing links or scam games.
That link or scam game will then try to trick the user into putting their username and password in.
If you were to fall victim to one of these scams, there is a good chance that your account was not taken and you can still login, but your account has been used to paste the same message everywhere.
These scams target bigger fish, aka users with premium and a decent amount of robux.
Any games with a trading system, Adopt Me, Royale High and Bubble Gum Simulator in particular, are also full of children trying to scam eachother.
I'm not going to list every scam ever but if you get scammed, it can be a valuable lesson.
VIOLENCE
Violence, surprisingly there is not too much violence, with it being more cracked down on than other things... Any games with violence are quickly held for review and you are unable to play until the developer removes it.
Except for a couple of games below:

GAMES TO WATCH OUT FOR:

Meep-City
The dead version of Adopt Me, was once very popular, now there are parties hosted ingame that have many 'Ro-Gangster' like players, who will bypass the chat, play inappropriate audios/songs, have single/'uncuffed' or taken/'cuffed' in their character description, and perform many sexual acts and abuse the house editing system (placing a pole and pole dancing, and doing 'the deed' by abusing the sleeping emote)

Dollhouse Roleplay
Simila
Full of Ro-Gangsters, playing loud inappropriate audios and songs.
Whatever bad audio you think exists, trust me, it is played and bypassed in this game.
The Streets and Da Hood
Games full of Ro-Gangsters, doing all of the behaviors listed before as well as using a spray can to use bypassed decals (of highly inappropriate things) and also encourage 'tea-bagging' (search that up yourself.......) and with the main objective of these games being to collect money and chase down and kill other players.
De Pride Isle Sanatorium
Disguised as a LGBTQ+ community, gives twisted views on LGBTQ+, race, gender, ideal body type.
Older versions of the game also had CANNABALISM ingame and Roblox has taken this game down only for it to keep coming back.
The owner's account is also on their last strike, they are known for being racist, transphobic, homophobic,,,,
Very toxic community, do not associate.
Also don't go near any Barbie lookalikes in this game.
The barbie-lookalike are also found in fashion runway games and you should not play any of these except Boho Salon, Fashion Famous and Roblox's Top Model, which are safe fashion show games.
There you have it, the bad side of Roblox in a nutshell.
In conclusion, it is way too hard to moderate what your child is seeing or doing, instead, play with them or don't let them play at all.
Fun game but very dangerous unsupervised..imagine writing hundreds of words on it
Scamming happens but (honestly who cares)?
Inappropriate scamming games get banned so don’t worry.
I think "condo," cafe, "escape *insert thing* obby"and "free robux" games should not be played.
These are basically sex games.
Cafe games are a good concept, but you should NOT let your under 13 child play here.
Free robux games will steal your account info through fake "login" GUIs.
Most popular obbies/tycoons are fine, but many will try to siphon your child's robux.
They are usually made in 10 minutes with free obbies, and will try to scam you sometimes.
i'm not trying to be negative, but roblox isn't a very good game.
i've played it many times and i have seen some very violent games that include blood and jumpscares that i don't think should be for kids.
and i know that it isn't Robloxs fault but at least monitor some of the games so it is a little less violent and  just so they know that there can be games like this so younger children don't have nightmares.
also in roblox games where there are scams for Robux (in-game currency) witch (sorry i'm bad at grammar) kids will go in completing some obby (depending on the template of the world) and will type in their username and password only to find out their account has been hacked.
DO NOT fall for this trick.
Now I fell for this once, but there were WAY too much steps.
There were too many steps and I was impaitent.
Later i found out it was a scam and if I completed the form, my accout would of  been hacked!
So, DO NOT trust bots.
Violence!
yeah, that means violence is bound to come up in one of the games.
I can name a whole list of games that have violence.
In these games your kids break out of jail, and can shoot cops.
is a game where your locked in a house and you have to try to escape.
The only catch is a granny is chasing you around with a bat and if the granny hits you you're dead.
there are many more games that we wont be talking about today so...

Now you knoow about all the violence in roblox.
Swearing:
bad words are in roblox and if you be creative enough, the person's message wont be filltered.
People say a lot of bad words, and your kid can see them.
all those bad words...

Online Dating!!!!!!!!!!!
:
people date on roblox and it's gotten so bad that apple considers roblox a dating app.
daters on roblox wear revealing items they can be naked, or there breast can be enlagred, or...just dont picture it in your mind.
And this could be on your kids screen!
And this would all be on your kid screen.
Adults harrasing kids:
Adults can ask for your kids info like your adress, and bullie them, follow them and hurt them.
Harm you KILL you.
so sad.
And the way roblox is, if this was to happen, Roblox would try to sweep it under the rug!
Sad stuff:
some people on roblox say, that on there profile they LIKE being a slave and being pushed around.
that's sad.
peoples lives being wasted!
AND ROBLOX IS JUST SWEEPING THIS UNDER THE RUG CUZ' THEY DONT WANT TO GO OUT OF BISSNES!
BUT LIVES ARE BEING WASTED ALL CUZ THEY WANT MONEY!
DO NOT LET YOUR KIDS ON ROBLOX AND DONT BUY ROBUX CUZ YOUR JUST PAYING THEM TO WASTE LIVES AND SIT THERE AND DO NOTHING!
this is coming FROM a kid.
I have more bad things to say about Roblox then good, sadly.
Hundreds of thousands of little kids report people for no reason, so Roblox stopped moderating the reports and focused more on the condo games.
You are probably wondering why I marked it innapropriate/s*x.
There are now games called condos in Roblox that are s*x games.
Most old men are on there, I have accidently gone on one myself I was shocked and scarred (I'm not being overdramatic).
-18+ Warning- there were men fucking girls in the ass, p**** pictures on the walls, striper poles, boob and p**** body forms and more.
The emotes were the things that disgusted me most...
It does have violence in it (weapons) but most games do not have violence at all.
i have seen my little brother talking and people saying in chat like rape and babe lets hit it it is not the best game your choice if rather let them play  this game
Roblox is a website for kids.
So, paranoid parents reading this (because I know that’s what you are if you’re reading reviews on this hellsite), Roblox does not feature swearing, sex, or violence.
The hashtags are a form of censoring.
The news is lying to you about this.
The negative part its a very serious problem like a child abuse, cyber bullying, sexual games, swear words, number swearing, etc

But number swearing i mean its if you account under 13 you CAN'T tell ANY NUMBERS or it will be hastags but all players know the way around it and that way its add word "cm" and type the numbers withour a space but don't put it in a word or it will be tags and some people have tags when they say normal word and not swear but it tags and makes every parents see it like that player
I was not stupid enough to give out my private information to people, besides, you can't anyway, not with the chat filter.
Theres an game called Ragdoll Engine where there are many racist tik tokers (even tho from now on you can rarely find them) but I think this is supposed to be for age 14 - 18.
I don’t know why Common Sense set the sex rating so high.
Disabling filters and the Condo games happen very rarely, and even when they do, Roblox is relatively fast to take it down.
Roblox is a really good game, but recently I bought 50 dollars in robux so I went on a website to get more and my account got hacked, the hacker did a BUNCH of naughty stuff, and got my account deleted.
So DONT PLAY IT!
3.what should I worry about
A-scams and bullies.Roblox is not safe from scams and bullies,Most scams in roblox are mostly free robux scams due to the fact that most kids don”t have robux from their parents so they type in how to get free robux,they click it,put their password and username,and get scammed and the cycle kinda repeats.and bullies are in mostly roleplay games bullies the poor roblox players cause they have robux.So what is my review on it,this game is mostly okay for 13+ older kids.
But, you should be careful of Robux scams and bullying because of not having robux.
Sometimes people will bully you if you don't have robux, but not every server has that kind of behavior.
Robux scams are made possible with botted accounts that post comments on "group walls" that are something like "Want robux?
just go to *scam website* and claim now!!
", there are also comments on item comment sections such as "this is a weird glitch post this on 3 different items then check your robux" which are ABSOLUTELY FAKE.
Now, if your child is under the age of 13, they won't be able to find these kind of games, because they're not approved by the roblox moderators and admins.
There's also the broken report system, which works, but it's not great.
And the broken chat filters, which tag things (replace things with hashtags "#") such as "me too" by mistake.
But the chat filters don't allow users under 13 to write numbers, I believe this is helpful, so they don't give out their phone number or similar, but it can also prevent alot of conversations, "there are # stages left until level #", "i hit ### followers yesterday!
There's also another problem, viruses in free models in roblox studio (roblox's tool to create games for other users to play), so you should probably monitor what models your child chooses to get.
Even though there are killing games etc.
Don't let your kids start, don't let your friends start, and I don't want to see your finger going to the App Store to type in this cursed app.
I regret so much in the past five years, so much.
I regret not spending time with the family when we were camping.
I regret being so irritable when we didn't have Wi-Fi.
I regret the time that I spent in another world instead of spending my life in my own.
Its Pretty bad like on all the games there's in app purchases to obviously to make money.
Kids will spend hundreds sometimes thousaunds on in app purchases, like this in game currancy called 'robux' that you pay real money for.
And some little kid was bragging about how hw bought a knife in the game, but get this, the knife costed the same amount of money as the real counter strike.
in all pretty bad kids game, filled with scambots that your (little) kids will fall, and then complain to you about it, all though it has an amazing youtube community.
Besides that its a bad game 4/10
You should be careful about some things though before you play, like talking to strangers, violent games, and scams.
There are hackers/scams on Roblox too.
If somebody asks for your personal information or tries to convince you to give them things DON’T give them any information/items.
Violent games can make children more violent in real life.
There is no swearing or violence They Censor Swearing and Theres barley any games that have blood but its not graphic.
You should have one concern If you see A Teenager You should get out of there they will bully kids And They are also very toxic and salty.
Kids Shouldnt have to go through what i go through everyday.
Lgjttjjgfukvh
There are also a few games that don't look quite appropriate.
For example someone tries to say something inappropriate, it will end up in tags, if they try to say numbers too.
Unexpected players: Roblox is safe community but you can always find an online dater, bypasser, disrespectful player or an inappropriate user anywhere.
You can block the player and report making the players chats not being able to be read by your child.
If your child is getting bullied or they got mad at someone, simply leave the game, if it was a bullying situation, report.
I've seen many kids on this app called Discord which is for gamers chat and I don't even know how they end up there or how parents approve this?
You may think it's a scam and it will steal your credit card information but it won't.
In my personal opinion, robux is ridiculous and a waste of money, sure you can buy in-game gamepasses that give you special perks and dress up your avatar but it doesn't make sense.
It's basically a waste of money but if your child wants it, try thinking about it but if you say no they might be sad but they will get over it.
the moderation is not the best but it's ok. the ones who violate the rules can be warning, temp ban and permanently terminate.
there are almost no sex/drugs/swearing/online date/gore (some people can bypass this but you can report them and they can be terminated forever or at least banned for a long time).
but there are scripting (a.k.a programming) that too hard for the below 13. there are violence but minimal, not as hard as fornite (13+ usa and 12+ intl) or grand theft auto (17+ usa and 18+ intl).
Ok,ok so firstly I have no idea what you guys are talking about.
This game is no aware for kids, like this game has to much sex, language, iffy content, swearing, and inappropriate chatting for dangerous users, this game is not good for teens either, like example your kids want to play it so that thier can chat with thier friends on roblox and start getting popular on roblox, but once when I played this game it was not for a 14 year old and clearly ten year olds should not be playing this at all!
I am mostly disrespected in Roblox High School.
Sometimes I wonder "Why can't Roblox be better?"
and "Why does everybody have to be so toxic?".
In violence, it depends which game your playing, for example take Piggy.
It has violence in it, but is acceptable for tweens.
I was called names like "noob", "boomer" etc.
People can also find a way to swear on ROBLOX.
You cant blame roblox for mean people, it's just the internet, theres always going to be mean people out there.
But lets face it, there are so many games with in-app purchases these days, so if you blame roblox for that, you're an idiot.
I don't have the Roblox app myself because my Mum won't let me download it.
In that one time that I played we went to a restaurant where we saw a customer assaulting a chef.
He used the F-word several times and the S-word a few times as well.
xoxo" After that I declined every offer to play Roblox, even by my best friends.
If that happened on my first time playing, I can't bear to think what would happen on my 2nd or 10th
I've also lost a lot of good friends in the duration with it, but it happens.
People also bypass the filter by saying inappropriate things, but adding symbols, and numbers in between.. Like before, people were able to said "pen15" "pen 15", which you could obviously realize what that infers.
And more recently now, there was an ad, to which children clicked it, and it brought them to a child pornography clip, which is..
In itself, disgusting and disturbing.
Of course, with that being said, there's predators, and there's pedophiles.
When I was younger, someone said they were going to kill my mom, and that OBVIOUSLY scared me half to death.
I contacted my dad, and let him know what they said, and he told me to unfriend him.
(There wasn't a 'block' button back then, I don't believe.)
A similar thing happened to me again last year, and I contact administration over it.
They can disable chats, so the child can't see any chats, therefore they have no visible exposure of a bad person.
Remember, there could be very violent and vulgar games out there that can really give your child a hard time, it can sometimes make them swear because of rage, and most games for kids are a pain in the ass.
Most parents think it isn't safe because they never looked at the games their children play.
You can see some oders or innapropriate games in it so if YOU see a game like that report it and dont play it thank you for Reading
If a child puts in inappropriate reference in- it will result in the reference becoming hashtags.
They put into the chat "f*ck"
The result when seen in the chat for public would be "####"
Kids are learning however, certain ways to bypass the hashtag system and are bypassing by saying the refences in different fonts.
The player CANNOT take these off, and there is no option to do so.
Don't think you can let your child play by themselves for a second.
There have been moments of where the player trades a highly sought for pet and becomes scammed.
Although the moderation team is very active to ban any pornographic, excessively violent, or scam games, they are not perfect as they must manually search every new game coming in to their site.
ON THE TOPIC OF SCAM GAMES: these games are very difficult for the mod team to find and close down as they are usually always disused as a very popular game type known as an obey.
Tell me 1 good reason why ROBLOX is not suitable for anybody under fourteen.
Kids can build and play games, but there is some bad things in some games like take Piggy for example for "Mild Blood".
People called me names like "noob", "boomer" etc.
Roblox's violence can be handled by kids around eight and up, but there is some gory games.
People can swear even on safe chat, most words are censored on ROBLOX, but people can find a way to swear, like um for example, people can split it like u  m  because of the censorship on ROBLOX.
The bad parts about the game, is that it is greedy, I have premium on the account "DinosaurTrexGaming" and after a day it stops giving me robux, even if I got monthly premium, and it's hard to decide what to play next because most games are very very boring,
My opinion: Awesome game for tweens.
To those who think roblox is bad, you're wrong.
Idk why people think it is bad.
But it does have a little bit of a lot of cartoon violence.
The games can be violent but theres thing like adopt me,hangouts and other things (games to stay away from:girls and boys dance club jailbreak if ur under 7 madcity if ur under 7 and alot more,read roblox website for more)In roblox never give away your account by telling or going into a game and giving them your password.
You can put an email address in your account so you don't trust me on this one it happened to me and I was really upset but i got my account back by using support roblox.
When you may get scammed or hacked is if someone or a game says free robux (robux is game currency).
As you progress in age, you'll find more and more pedophiles on roblox.
The quantity of pedophiles I've found on roblox is simply laughable.
Roblox really does train you to be careful about what you're doing online, and how to interact with disrespectful people.
will be tagged out), you can expect cussing and really rude references to rape and other such things.
A lot of people say that roblox is too violent, but what can you expect going into a universe of a billion games?
No actual graphic or brutal scenes are depicted, and characters are made up of lego like structure, so when you get "killed" the body just explodes into pieces.
What I've said earlier can be overwhelming, and how a game originally designed for innocent gaming and fun has turned into a parallel universe of real life- just taken to an online version, without any consequences.
Stay away from this game.
Neopets and Papa louie games are better than this utter piece of crud.
this is a kid game that your child can play not edgy ass teen child no teen will play this only teen who is not a edgy ass
Let's talk about the "Inappropriate" stuff on Roblox.
Many parents say that there are predators and such on the platform, but what usually ends up happening is that the predator will add the kid in a 3rd party application such as Discord and Twitter.
I hate parents complaining about "predators" and "Inappropriate" games when it can all be avoided if they check up on their child once a week.
I got a message on roblox today saying I was being violent??
I hope Roblox changes that and brings my account back as I had so many good stuff and aparently wasted my money for robux on that account!!
Pls fix this!
Put an email into the account before playing as it can be dangerous to do so
There can be some 'violent' games but not every game is like that and the 'violent' games are not that bad some people just over exaggerate.
The community is not brilliant but you can't expect a game full of kids and teens to be perfect.
Sure some people swear, but, EVERYONE SWEARS!!
If ur a parent who thinks that's too much, then go to settings, then privacy, then click everything off.
Ur child wont be able to be bullied.
(Shooting Game).Sure is violent, but that's wat every online game is!
One time just because I had no robux one person said  "Go away noob!"
and started hitting me with a fishing pole.
Another time I was playing Piggy and one person called me a "old man", in Roblox High School I was sitting down and one person made fun of me and I called him a "little kid" and a teacher said I was more like one for "whining" and "complaining".
Another time my name was "Dino" and one person made fun of me because "I did not look like a dino".
Yes, I gotta admit I did not look like one and the principal of the school was so mean he did not trust me.
In Roblox High School I usually get suspended for no reason with other people.
Mild language is uncensored through the game but people can find a way to swear on the website.
And my dad said if i add a letter to a bad word it will not be blocked, but i told my dad to try it, He didnt even try!
I mean why!
Sure there are fighting games with blood, But when you die there, All the blood are just red squares!
Dont ban your kids or child please!
Or torturing your child/ren and ban them/him/her and make them sad from roblox, Once i had 1000 friends from 5 accounts, Now my dad doesnt let me play and i lost almost all of my friends!
I have been playing playing roblox for some time now and I have learned by my actions that it's somewhat violent and instead of people like 12-14 playing it, like before, it's now more like 16+ people playing it.
I quit the game due to my attitude toward my parents having an increase in my anger toward them.
-Depending on whether or not you trust your child, block chat messages and if you do trust them, monitor them and tell them that if they see anything bad, report it and leave the game.
-DO NOT let them watch any roblox videos on youtube as many are harmful.
-Only friend people you know and DO NOT follow anyone, there is simply no point.
-Remember ANYTHING YOU SEE that is NOT SUITABLE should be reported.
But as i got older, it messed up my brain.
I got cross every time i had to stop playing, there were lots of guns and violence, it made me bad-mouth, sometimes i got so addicted that i played in between online classes and basically anytime i was free.
Also after i started paying Roblox, I practically got dumber because i didn't focus on my studies and only on Roblox.
At a point, i almost planned to end my life when this stuff had pushed my buttons(trust me, it got REALLY bad), so when i was in the end 8th grade i stopped playing Roblox.
For all those parents out there, please do not consider letting your child to play Roblox as they may turn out like me when i was playing.
But the community can sometimes be toxic or inappropriate, using Roblox as a dating platform.
Recently, I decided to make an alternative account to see what happens in roleplay games, and I found something really disturbing.
Some ODers take it too far, at the point that some of them end up doing "stuff".
Roblox filter is just an algorithm, so it can't moderate everything successfully.
The role play community in Roblox tends to "bypass" the filter to say inappropriate stuff.
Don't blame Roblox, blame the RP community.
Sure every now and then we'll see a few scams on top rated BUT THEY GET DELETED SO FAST  And if you unfreind someone who doesn't speak your own language USE GOOGLE TRANSLATE.
ok sure it has some problems with tags and not being able to sat numbers but regardles anyone should play this game.
sure the moderatoins a little rusty but there only 600 employees at roblox what do you want them to do
Yes, I know that this game could have some violence, sex and language but the thing is that you need to be careful of the choices you made and what game you are playing.
There are some games that exist with violence such as Phantom Forces and some other shooting games.
Just avoid playing those games.
If You're A Parent And Your Child Plays Roblox, Take This Advice: Don't Let Them Play Piggy, Because It Can Make Them HIGHLY Obsessed With Horror.
If The Word Highly Or Obsessed Is A Typo, Sorry For 
Not Knowing How To Write It:(
One Of The Things I Like Is That The Deaths Are Not Violent, And It's Just Falling To Pieces, Just Like A Fallen Or Whatever It Is Block Tower.
Second Of All The Inappropriate Messages (Example, The F Word Or Keyboard Scribbles Like avtC&6c4r76rvf326bt9r08p0t76ewc) Are Moderated With Hashtags.
One More Thing, The One That Annoys Me The Most Is The The Moderators Are NEVER Online, Making It So Reporting Does Nothing.
Security

The security is trash, the 2FA is email, the worst kind and account can be easily password guess, so from my POV, you should load your credit card on there unless you or your child is tech-savvy.
Scamming

Scamming is a HUGE problem so if your child has Roblox tell them that any of the FrEe RoBuX things are fake, I learned that the hard way.
ROBLOX was supposed to be a game for everybody, but the corp spoiled it.
When I play Roblox High School on my Tablet it kicks me out of the game, when I was 7 I got Monthly builders club for my birthday and you know what??
Roblox took some of my robux away for no reason -_-.
The customer support does not help at all, they are robots pretending to be humans generating random popular names.
They keep saying they have took away "lag" but they never.
Roblox never bans hackers and ignores reports.
Also why do they tag numbers?
They also ban people for no reason!
The privacy settings are useless and there are bad games and the owners of the games have not been banned yet!
Scamming is also a big thing on Roblox like the most trending game at the moment adopt me, scams can be a huge thing so be careful.
she larn how to cuss she said fuck u dad eat a dick
Its a great game but the chat censor thing doesnt work as well and people can still say things and wont be able to say some other normal words and kids can also bypass the filter and maybe there is a predator in the server who asks personal questions like where they live but other then that its a good game where kids and teens and adults can have fun in obbys and other games and even make games for other people to play
roblox has got to the mind of children.
this just bugs me and another thing - begging their parents for robux.
even kids spent real money like $3000 €8000.
literally wasting money on this stupid game.
even getting scammed like giving their passwords, going to fake websites etc.
im done.
If you are a parent, you should manage your child’s account and make sure they don’t friend people they don’t know in real life or say anything offensive or mean.
Basically, you can’t report something for no reason.
Chat allows you to put words like hell and sucks, oh my god.
The safety is pretty edgy, some games you shoot guns at each other and stab each other with knives.
Sometimes bad people will say "I have a crush on you".
Also there are people making videos pretending to talk like a baby to attract little kids.
First of all, I hate this website because they don’t get rid of old reviews , too much overreacting and underrated reviews, but I need to get this word out about roblox.These reviews get me mad.
well unless you play an inappropriate game, which is probably removed by now.
You can’t say a lot of things, including inappropriate stuff.
It censors it out.
There is some scary games, but you can see that in the thumbnails, and description, but a 3D peppa pig with red eyes in the thumbnail isn’t going to scare a nine year old unless they’re really sensitive.
The inappropriate stuff doesn’t go on anymore at all.
The people who do that aren’t really part of the roblox community, they just post that fricky stuff on YouTube to make the community bad.
Stop making roblox look so bad.
Plus it censors out A LOT of things people say, usually even if it’s not bad.
I decline all friend requests I get unless I know them in real life.
I don’t know why everyone is acting like they’re gonna die all because of robux.
And it’s not that much money.
Stop making the roblox community look bad with all these dumb reviews, it’s giving people false information, or outdated information.
Please don’t listen to outdated and overreactive reviews!
Okay, so all parents hate ROBLOX.
This is the modern day and kids will encounter idiots, etc etc.
Yes, there are safety and privacy concerns, but keep them off games you don't want them playing.
You will encounter bullies, online daters and other sorts of bad people, but, like I said, if they know some internet safety, they'll be fine.
If someone is being bad, make sure your child block's them.
No one talks about the dangerous side of Roblox which includes pedophiles, hackers, scammers and etc.
I was minding my own business, making a YouTube video and I started to accidentally annoy this person.
They told me to stop doing a fortnite dance they said was “ annoying” and I didn’t because I thought they were just being a weird eight year old.
They said a virus would infect my device and after she said that, it did.
Every time I went back into the game she’d tell me she was gonna hack me and she made me exit out of Roblox while a static noise played for a minute straight at a time at full volume while my screen was frozen.
She then kicked me out of the game (which she did not own) with the caption “I have all your personal information now”.
I tried reporting her to the creator of the certain Roblox game and she bleeped our everything I said including her username and such.
Turn of their chat abilities and tell them to leave a game if something tells that something it’s right.
first of all do you know you can turn chat off, also ROBLOX doesn't need to babysit YOUR child.
also this site is trash and you should not believe the hate that roblox is getting.
your kid is probably playing a worse game like fortnite or something like that
ROBLOX IS BORING,  I have been playing this game forever, and roblox   has sex games,    and they have scam games, like "ADOPT ME PETS" 
 or like "GET FREE ROBUX".
KIDS ARE GETTING SCAMMED, AND FALLING FOR STUFF.
IF YOU WANT YOUR KID TO FIND A GAME  I SHOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME!
Stop blaming Roblox

1: if your child was talking to a predator in discord stop blaming Roblox it's discord.
Discord has many predators  

2:teach your kids about internet safety like my parents don't blame Roblox because you didn't teach your kids how to be safe online
For any of the swearing concerns, it happens rarely and I don't think your child will pick up on swearing just from that.
If you don't want your kid to play those games then there are millions of other games, but I don't think your kid would become a murderer in the future by playing video games.
If you or your child is getting bullied, I have a phrase that helps me if somebody decides to be mean.
Look at these parents saying its for 18+
but maybe if you know how to supervise your children
none of the reviews would be up here posting this stuff on here
there are also privacy settings that can also protect your child
and i have been on roblox since 2013 and i havent seen one inappropriate advert!
Stop with these awful lies and maybe play the game for yourself!
I would say I like the originality in the game but I only don't like the inappropriate games, tho If you didn't search for them you wouldn't find them.
It will not allow me to sign up because the verification codes are pictures.
It’s not that bad at all though the chat may be violent and some of the games aren’t appropriate for younger players
and you can report hackers it is true that there are games like arsanal and murder mistery 2 but  gust dont play thoes game easy so you slould play roblox im 8 and i play it so dont say its bad you dont have to get it but dont say its bad.
so if u get terminated or deleted (Perma ban) you are breaking the rules such as Hacking, Pictures, Adult Content, Trolling, Cyber bullying, Scamming, Giving Your Personal Info and even wanting personal Info so yeah dont break even one of these rules, unless you want an "Account Deleted"  screen so my review about roblox is that its entertaning they have Sonic games (Which are my favorite games) and more Try Roblox For Free Today for a kids smile!
If someone tries to cuss it adds hashtags.
Cons: Meep City and those city roleplay games such as Adopt and Raise a Cute Kid, promotes children to pornography that they don’t need to be exposed to.
Meep City is an inappropriate game.
Games that have radios/boom boxes, people can play inappropriate audios and songs (bypassed audios) Parents!!
Please note that games that are labeled “Scented cons” (condo) are inappropriate sex places.
that you basically adopt a pet and take care of it, but there is scammers and actually scam your real money.
THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS FREE ROBUX!
Those are people that are getting your password and stealing your account.
there is violent , princess ,girly, ect, games on roblox.
The bad thing is that they have bad customer service, too laggy, and it takes forever to load games.
The logo gets worse and worse and even worse.
Also why is tix and builder's club removed??????
They also ban people for no reason and is clearly unsafe.
Hackers can easily hack Roblox because of it's unsafeness.
a lot of these games are pay to win.
a lot of games will incise children with "cool" hats, guns and other useless items.
other games  are premium only or have premium parts of the game locked behind a sum of robux if a child's friend has access to this they might feel left out.
like most games today robux (the in game currency) can be bought with real money this has lead young children to steal mums purse to buy these robux.
Some complains that happened about this game.
If a parent's child spent money (without permission) on the game, it's not Roblox's fault.
It's the parent's fault.
If you parents out there are complaining about the games your child are playing in this website, remember that it is your responsibility to teach the child what and what not to do online.
You also can get hacked if you arent safe with trades but if you get hacked you will prob learn a good lession (happend to me) DO NOT DO TRUST TRADES
don't like it people are mean and can swear and do BAD stuff.
Though there is some violence in the game there selves, there is not a lot.
But like the internet, there are many scams.
Any kid reading this, anything sounding too good to be true is almost certainly a scam.Parents reading this should be aware of scams and educating kids can go a long way with ROBLOX and beyond.
But there will be people who will be toxic and be mean to players.
There are also solutions to this, just hide the chat.
Stay away from every 18+ games as ROBLOX will almost instantly remove them nowadays.
Great game but some aspects are too violent and bullying is common and hackers are found in most games.
Yes I will say that it has a few transactions, but just teach you kid to be safe with money and teach them how not to be scammed if something seems fishy don't trust it.
free stuff doesn't exists.
If you don't want your kid encountering a somewhat violent game (which roblox does have) just moderate you kid and tell them you don't want them playing that game.
I just wish they didn't remove guests and tix.
But people do use bad grammar to be funny, but even so.
When you get killed there is no blood you're body splits apart and you say oooooffffff.
Basically why it’s 4 stars is because there MAY or may not be some bullying, and people bypassing the filter, and maybe people trying to find online daters.
Make a unique password: Yes scamming and PGing (Password Guessing) is a thing, so do not make a easy password to guess (e.g: iloveroblox, noob1233).
So kids, don’t listen to what other parents say about ROBLOX being "unsafe for children", yes it may have predators, but just ignore them.
Hello, i'm not saying that roblox sucks, but there are some tall pepole with skeleton legs, that follow you everywhere.
Then my small brother tryed it and he got nightmares!
But Roblox is not the #1 game suitable for kids, there is some bad games and bad content.
The people of Roblox can be very mean and rude, but there is also some friendly and kind people.
The bad things about Roblox is..... #1: I was five and I was playing Roblox High School on my tablet and then it kicked me out.
#2: Roblox is greedy, I got a gift card for my 7th birthday and a week later my robux was gone.
#3: Roblox keeps saying they removed lag but they didn't.
they do not allow curse words to be used.
but i recommend kids above 10 years play this game because there are a few games that are violent for young kids
YES people find others swearing at the children, but remember that not everyone is safe online, and also remember that some games in ROBLOX aren't always mean't for "kids".
You guys just don't know.
Note: Robux is the currency and you need to buy a lot for stuff, which i dont like.
Although, there are a lot of scammers.
I wish Roblox could improve on stopping people and bots from scamming other players.
roblox is dangerus bc of hackers and it encorage kids to steal their parents money
So i started roblox when i was young lets start this off by saying i was not ready for what was coming.
I was not ready for the following.
I accidentally scammed many people because i thought they were giving me stuff for free when they got mad at me i did not understand why.
I am quitting for newcomers because: Games have gotten money hungry and pay to win if you are considering downloading roblox for a kid please note that i ended up spending hundreds of dollars on the in game currency ''robux'' This was defenitly more fun in 2017.
The only game i really like is piggy, sorry piggy you just lost a player.
Another thing to note is that roblox has a lot of issues with the app itself and many of the games.
Roblox crashes a lot for mobile users.
There are cheaters, exploiters , online daters, scammers, hackers, bulliers, and so on.
The chat can get scary and violent.
Millions of reports come in everyday and roblox does not do anything about it.
Roblox has brought me up to 8 hours on the app and i am only supposed to be on my tablet 3 hours a day let alone a game for 8 hours what i am trying to say is that its very addicting and a lot of kids will become addicted fast and miserable when you take roblox away from them im sorry i just cant do this anymore.
This is coming from a ten year old user.
So yeah, this game is a wild card, you should monitor your children, and set up barriers so they don't join violent games.
The report feature is trash though, and you do have to beware of the free robux scams (which will hack your account and possibly install viruses on your PC).
So there are some bad games out there but let's be real.
There is absolutely no way  that any platform/website/game can have a fun anti-hack system.
It's literally impossible.
Don't fall for the free robux games.
They just steal your password.
Cussing.
The same amount of kids in real life will cuss just as much as people on roblox.
There is no way to prevent older adults to stop cussing fully.
Bad games just leave them it's plain and simple.
Online bullies can't be stopped just ignore them or leave the game it's easy I promise.
Reporting is iffy and there is scamming no denying to that.
There is inappropriateness but just monitor your kid.
Stay on alert for child predators and sexual predators.
I'm disappointed by it.
The OBC cost is literally OUTRAGEOUS!!
It seems like the Moderators only accept FALSE reports.
Also kids get bullied for not having the latest "Trends".
It's just crap.
Don't even bother.
You get hacked, reports don't work.
There are some good and bad things in this game, first I will tell you bad things.
There are so many exploiters that could hack the game and make some scripts, I know one script that is violent and it is called Grab Knife, also there are some sex scripts not for kids.
There are so many scam games that have free robux and they are scamming everyone, also there are players that lie that they buy robux for everyone, but they get hacked and they can't get their account back.
There are some bullies that are richer and they bully newbies, but newbies could be insulted, even if you don't have robux, they still bully you.
The game has age rating for the people who hated it dont worry it safe but adopt me and meep city and raise a grow family isny for kids there are many online dater there and if you see the people said tags because the game has a filter the filter tags bad word letters etc.
And if you get builled jsut ignote it or report it but reporting will take a long time to get t hem know what going on because there are little admin and many player you have to wait and if you say it scams you it does not there a virtual system to currency and if you say its not for kid just let them play obbys not the adopt me and meepcity and dont fall for the free robux there are people who bully rigth u can change youre avater just click avatar amd if you see some lego thingy you said it isnt lego it h
It was supposed to be a app for children of all ages, but they failed and got a "Everybody 10 and up" rating.
The bad stuff about Roblox is one time I was five and I was playing Roblox High School on my Android Tablet.
It kicked me out!
1 week later after I used it my robux was gone.
Roblox keeps saying they removed lag but I played Roblox High School 2 and it was lagging so hard!
And some lag here and some lag there and more lag everywhere!
Customer Service will not help they will just repeat the exact same messages.
(Online Daters, Inappropriate creations,  and other things that go against ROBLOX's Term of Service)
this can have great messages and other stuff but despite the chat blocks out inoproperit or harmful words people find other ways to say it and There has even been people dating or worse.
One being that the game is destroying children’s brains and messing with their well-being, and the other is that it’s not harmful at all.
But at the same time there will always be bypassed audios, ads, and names that your child could see or hear while playing an innocent game.
I Personally don’t understand why parents go out of their way to make sure everyone knowstheir experience was bad, but they don’t think about the odds of these things happening.
In the past month I have seen maybe 2 bypassed audios, 1 bypassed shirt, and 0 bypassed games, those are really low odds for your child to see one of the following.
In the end, yes, Roblox can have some inappropriate people, but that doesn’t mean the game is bad overall.
One thing that dont really like about roblox is the consumerism.
When you make a free account and dont want to pay for anything, the free items you get is bad.
The only problem is there is some bullying and some bad words do slip in through the chat filter.
If you are okay with ur kids seeing some bad words then you should totally play this game.
But there is too much:
Nasty games
Swearing hacks
Hackers
Bullies
Pedophiles

Besides that, people are really kind and loving!
ROBLOX is the only game I've ever known where the Captcha prevents you from even making an account.
Roblox isn't kid-friendly.
I have played it and these predators are everywhere.
They also asked me about my age, name and where I live, so I just blocked them.
You can just spell out words on different lines and someone called me an 'As whole' (which I take to mean a**hole).
This game is ridiculous and I don't know why they made it.
If they got rid of the chat, I would agree that it is 10+ because of some possible violence in games.
I feel like I am mature for my age, but I don't enjoy playing this game because it can get sexual and there can be language sliding past the so-called 'filter', while I just want to play a game and enjoy doing so.
I would recommend teens 14 and up to play this because of many concerns and please trust me, I am not joking when I say that this game can be quite dangerous.
The reason I give it 4 stars is people are copying stuff for example take Piggy, people upload stuff like "Piggy 2 [REAL]" and "Piggy chapter 3" and I don't like the customer service.
They are just like a bunch of robots writing random names and generating random messages!
The logo is so bad man I mean like go to Wayback Machine and click something like 2014 or 15 and look at how good the logo was back then!
And if you say it's hard to choose which game to choose next, I agree because most of the games are bad, uncreative and knock-offs.
Unsuitable Content: It all started on April 1, 2012, that's right, the "April Fools Day Hack".
1x1x1x1 was not responsible in anyway, there were unsuitable banners and forum posts.
The problem with Roblox is there are too much Oders!
The violence, blood, consumerism and rude humor is everywhere!
The language is mild, but people can find a way to cuss.
The safety and privacy concerns are too high and some are very useless.
The worst parts are:

1: When I was five, I was playing Roblox High School on my tablet and it just kicked me out.
2: Roblox is toooooo greedy, when I was 7, I purchased Builder's club and 2-3 days later my robux was gone!
3: Roblox tells lies, they said they removed lag but they din't
4: Roblox bans people for no actual reason and don't ban hackers.
5: Too much hackers!
6: Roblox really has to remove hashtags.
There are some games that might traumatize and scar little kids for at least a year.
This at be, at times, annoying.
And what if these ads are for games that might scare kids?
they cost money, and at times, a lot if you want a lot of robux.
The are loads of scammers so just watch out.
The worst thing u can really get is Club Insanity.
Sure people will bypass and do wierd stuff but the thing is.
Its not like people around this age dont say stuff like this anyway.
And if ur 1 higher u might even get ppl joking about things as bad as Scented cons even.
lots of hackers and the moderation is bad.Once when i was playing i said "hi" and roblox chat filter turned it to a bunch of hashtags.Hackers will make your child get mad and there are also scamers.people who buy robux might lose their account and start raging/crying.Roblox should have better security.
There are many more examples, but I can’t go on all day.
These games are usually either robux scams or sex rooms.
My advice is to just educate your kids about these games, and why they are bad.
It has sex and nudity related content.
Too much violence.
Real laggy.
Coming from a former player, I really didn't enjoy it.
And finally, the chat boxes are often times filled with swearing even if it is blocked out.
The game is for 13+ in my opinion there is Online Dating that's something I think should not exist, there is people who pretend to be gay or is gay and likes to show it, Way too much swearing, Your child could spend your money and you cant get a refund, People pretend to drink,smoke and do drugs, Besides that its a good game
I play Roblox alot but this isnt about my feelings on the game it's about what I think of its age stuff I guess first of all there are tons of scammers or account stealers with stuff like fake free robux sites that take your account info and game specific scammers like in adopt me
I bought the 20 dollar premium membership 3 times and it never functioned the way it states.
I couldn't sell my limited items and I lost robux because of it.
And when I went to roblox help no one even read it.
They just sent a robot to give me a fix not related to my problem.
Now I have a recurring bill so I can't even play the game anymore.
I was sick for the month.
In general all they care about is getting your money.
Just another brainless company.
Violence: This game does have violence and this may be a problom for younger users.
To any kids reading this with their parents: 
if your parent isnt letting you dont be sad!
Sometimes kids just arnt ready age wise for video games.
Roblox is bad the stolen info there  are hackers everywhere game is bad don't play this game you kill people you off on people bad bad bad don't play jailbreak is bad and the tower of hell bad bad bad
Hi so I am almost 12 and think this game is wonderful buttttt there are some bad things people try to say bad words example ( F*) and there is a tooooonnn of online dating.
I would not let your 8 year old play just play or see for yourself
All this stuff about  inappropriate games are fake.
The front page just has Adopt me(which is not bad)and Royal High which is you at school as a prince or princess.You people saying its bad just wont take the blame of your kid searching that up.Sure roblox does have problems but not that type of stuff.
There are many creeps such as pedophiles and people that try to get you personal information.
VIOLENCE & SCARINESS (*** out of the *****) Now, there are a lot of games that contain violence, however it is not graphical at all.
I think the most graphical game that there is on roblox is Phantom Forces, just because there spatters blood all over the place when you kill someone.
Horror games can be terrifying.
Some aren't scary but some can be horrifying for little kids.
I'll put them on a list:

HORRIFYING GAMES:
Dead Silence (Reason: Severed heads, jumpscares, loads of bloods, ghosts, dead bodies and dark stories.)
The Lost Message (Reason: Jumpscares, ghosts, car crashes, haunted places, loads of blood and a very dark backstory.)
SCP-087B (Reason: Dark Imagery of a realistic jumpscare)

It Lurks.. (Reason: Jumpscares, graphical deaths and scary creatures)

A Distant Memory (Reason: Jumpscares, stalkers, radio plays where you hear real life sounds of someone who is brutally being murdered, screams, moans and suffocating sounds are heard.
Character has to find out dark things about his live.
Even though I'm almost 15, I got nightmares off of this game.
NON-SCARY HORROR GAMES:

PIGGY (Small Review: Deaths off screen, players get slammed by a baseball and a scary Grandma Pig)

LANGUAGE: (**** out of ***** Though, all the games are 100% curse-free, the community still has bypasses to get trough the censore system.
Instead of F***, they use f||||.
It's not really Roblox's fault though.
CONSUMERISM: (***** out of *****)
This game is full of consumerism, there are items that you can wear where prices start off at 0,90 dollars, to items that you can buy with 100,000 dollars.
Also some game passes are extremely expensive, like 10 to 5000 dollars.
Also, most people in the community flex on the poor.
SAFETY AND PRIVACY CONCERNS: (* out of *****) There are some pedophiles, to avoid them, let your child never play games called "Life in Paradise" or "Paradise Island".
Jailbreak is also okay for kids, because the game has violence, police use guns, rob banks, and the game is inappropriate for little kids, so may have to know what is game and what is real life.
And avoid free robux games because they are scamming your account.
The players that try to bypass the server always 97% know each other and bully other players when the others say they will report them.
The players that try and bypass the chat filter are also mainly in groups and know one another from school or sowehere else The buillies always try to belittle other players to keep them quiet or just for the fun of it.
Robux: Please do not let your child go onto sites or games claiming they will give 'free robux' as they are run by hackers or scambots and will infect your PC with a virus and may even steal the victim's account to use it for 'free robux' scams.
The reason why it is not best to put in your card details onto your child's account is becuase if they do get addicted to Roblox, they may start purchasing Robux with your card details or make secret purchases without you knowing leading to the worst case sceneario, it being your bank account being emptied .
From 2007 to 2016, Tickets(Often Referred to as Tix) was basically robux but you did not have to pay for it so when Roblox removed Tix (which was really selfish), there was an controversy as players who didn't or couldn't get Robux had to pay now or just deal without.
Scams: Scams have been an often problem on Roblox for so long now, everybody just acts like it is normal.
Scambots as I said earlier in my Robux paragraph are robot accounts set up by hacker/s to spread their 'free robux'  scams and lead vunlearable players onto fake sites and games.
Tell your children to never visit these sites and to report it.
Some scambots are even able to send friend requests but tell your child to never accept it as the scambot will bombard your player with fake robux sites.
Games: Of course, your child is going to encounter violent games and its not suprising as its the players who make the games usually.
Tell them to never leave the description box empty as it will seem as a useless report.
But there can be rude people in chat.
People can also find a way to troll,do inappropriate things and swear in some games.
Also if you do find any inappropriate content than you should report to roblox.
Its always a scam or free anything that costs robux and or lots of ingame money for that matter.
It can be violent but you can easily tell your kid not to play those kind of games.
However there are some horror games and ones with blood and stuff.
I cannot believe that I just launched a report like a year ago and the player is still playing without any punish of offensive language, not fair that roblox is not responding, keep to do not making laws roblox and I will start a demand for rule violation, keep banning randomly is still a violation and I got banned just for posting a nazi regiment flag its not bad that!
Its not bad to do that is just history, german history, unfair to random ban and not resoond to reports and keep violating rules from government.
Parents, if you are concerned about your child seeing sexual things and/or cussing YOU CAN EASILY TURN THE CHAT OFF.. when you turn it off your child can't chat with other player or see the chat.
Games with inappropriate things will get BANNED!!
When you child makes a game they should make their own things for it don't let them use things that other people made because it could have a virus in it and get your child BANNED.
However you can get bored from roblox REALLY EASILY.
Just note that the community can sometimes be toxic and that there are scammers out there (easily avoidable by turning off chat and messaging features/ignoring them).
There is a lot of violence and that's why I say 9+ cause there are also other non-violent games.
But now, some people can be very mean and swear.
For example, I was called a bitch(or someone else) with the german special character:ß (pronounced as ss)as they know that if they say the normal spelling, it would get tag(inappropriate works turn into #).
I have reported a bunch of people and I don't know what happened to them but 1 of my friends in Roblox got banned so that's why I can say Roblox reads reports.
Also, there are games that ask for your password for some perk and they are lies.
They also have safety chat that filters out bad words and stuff, but it doesn't allow you to send numbers.
STOP SAYING YOUR KIDS ARE BEING BULLIED!
It’s not hard to stop this.
All you need to do is type /mute (Bullies username here)
and their messages won’t be visible anymore.
And if your children experience violence or other innapropiate things, just don’t let them play that game!
Although, There Are Some Scams Like "Free Robux"
Dont Trust Those.
Whoever wrote the parent reviews are clearly overprotective!
If you don’t want your kids on this, don’t install it!
Most of the time it isn’t Roblox’s fault.
It’s the Roblox’s users fault and they get punished for bad behavior!
If you don’t want your kid on Roblox, don’t let them play it!
I did Age 4+ because kids need to know that there are scammers/hackers trying to take your account and that isn't very great.
Families, If you want your child to play ROBLOX, Make sure they know the consequences if scammers/hackers try to hack into your child's account and don't go to 'FREE ROBUX WEBSITES' Because they only want your password so they can get your account by you entering your username and password.Families, Beware of those scams..
During the entire time, I've never seen a SINGLE game where violence, drinking, and sex-related behaviors/content was present.
I don't know what the other guys are doing but like, they must've been trying pretty darn hard to find that stuff.
Obviously, there are people who want to harm and abuse kids, but that's not Roblox's fault.
Can you imagine doing a group project and getting the boot because of one guy?
It is true that toxic players try to add inappropriate content and games onto this platform, but I have seen Roblox in action.
He will block or ban any game that includes too much inappropriate content before too much young kids see them.
Moving onto swearing, Roblox has already filtered swear words as hashtags.
So if people attempt to swear or cuss, it will be shown as hashtags for everyone else, so young minds do not remember the dangerous words.
No way.
Life includes death so what's the point.
There is also no blood included, and in most popular games, weapons aren't included that much.
Roblox may seem like a fun game for kids but don't let your kid play this.
People keep making scented con games which is NOT ok for kids because  people keep making these games also some people try to curse and there's bullying.
There aren't good messages, some people try to make your child suicidal.
ONLINE DATING HAS BEEN A PROBLEM SINCE LIKE 2017.
Roblox may seem like a safe place for kids but its not there could be child predators and in this one game called Welcome To Bloxburg one of Roblox's most popular games has some weird role-players where most kids or what ever try to do it.
There are also hackers and scammers.
Also when your Childs avatar in roblox dies it says oof which for the hawiann meaning means something innapropaite.
this game has given me bad experiences but its fun and addictive so id  about those the reports dont work AT ALL the moderators need to have a beter system, maybe actually READ them?
A lot of parents are probably overstressing the quality and the lack of safety of Roblox.
Most soccer moms and parents that write bad reviews have simply overlooked the quality of the game.
Swearing is a pretty big concern on Roblox.
Most over 18 games are censored in less than 2 days.
Not gta 5 simulator.
Sure a lot of the games are a bad influence, but sometimes, if the kid ain't dumb, then sometimes they can even learn to find the difference between legit advice, and a lie.
From personal experiences of being scammed, I was not only lucky enough to not be affected by it, but I also learned quickly from roblox videos advising not to go to scam sites and games.
Some minigames contains violence like blood and killings, such as horror games.
Story games are scary, their are trolls and pop-ups that scare children.
the #`s are annoying and there are online daters and bullys but if you just ignore them the game is insanly fun.
but id pay close attion to   people who bully you just for looking bad but dont beg your parents for robux you can make yourself look good anyway!
If you get killed, your character falls apart, but it doesn’t show blood... also, in app purchases.
ROBLOX is fun, and has some cool games, but there are many, and I mean MANY problems.
1st of all, pedophiles.
Pedophiles on ROBLOX are disguised as online daters and try to rape your avatar.
Bots usually try to scam kids for "free robux", but in real life, your account will get hacked, and turned into a bot!
The avatar will just renforce the whole robux scam!!
One example is the now terminated c00lkidd.
Another example is redirect hacks.
The hacker will hack meepcity to redirect you to a different game.
Example: meepcity 2 having arabic stuff, and countless avatars either worshipping alla, getting blown up, or getting flung off the map.
Another example is little devils daycare.
The daycare is on fire, and a image of jeff the killer will pop up without warning.
Just report them if you think they are breaking the rules...
There can potentially be games that are gross or violent, but you can report them (even though the reporting system not work).
Also if there is someone bullying/saying something vulgar.
Though your kids might not be good at building with the parts, first thing, NEVER USE FREE MODELS.
They have viruses that ruin your game and can ban your account.
Violence is not a problem though.
careful younger kids there are phedophiles
Just a bit too much micro transactions.
With the negative parents reviews you just get parents who just throw the phone to the child and do nothing.
Yes there is the occasional bypasser who manages to swear but I mean your on the internet and they will most likely get banned.
Robloxs moderation system is very complicated because of how big it is.
A main thing people complain about is getting hacked.
You have games like adopt me which is aimed towards younger kids.
Sometimes people can bypass the filter and if they do you can always report them and they will probably get banned.
Also people might make inappropriate games, decals, or models but they usually get deleted very quickly.
There are also a lot of good people who play roblox but sometimes they get ignored because there are also online daters or bullies.
You should tell your kids to ignore bad people and also never give away personal information.
Roblox is a rather hard game to accurately rate, because it has many sides.
These games are sometimes violent, but not in the way that you would be shocked if your kids played this.
Before you instantly decide that Roblox is too violent, know that blood is a transparent red square in the best graphic games.
When you die, fall apart like smashing a lego set against the floor.
That’s all about violence.
Of course, when you make a platform like this, there is bound to be some pornography, but the games that include this don’t last long as the decent moderation system takes them down within days or even hours.
(However I have seen a few hentai pictures slip by as they are drawings, not real people, but they get taken down within a week too)  There have been some hacks that allow you to do sexual things, but those are exploits and get patched very quickly.
If you just ignore these users, they will go away.
In general the chance of seeing explicit content is very slim.
Unfortunately, paying is the only way to get Robux.
The tags in this game are annoying, but the millions of selections of games make up for it!
Parents though should teach their kids not to copy people on this game, sometimes asking for inappropriate things.
I know there are inappropriate things..., but all you need to do is report the game.
Block people who are bothering you so you can't talk to them and they can't talk to you.
And it's made of blocks anyway!
Idiots.
They're always going to be some idiot who will try and trash EVERYTHING related to the internet.
But whenever you think Roblox is bad, think of gacha life.
However, the real problem is with individual games.
Just because there is one game full of toxic fans, doesn't mean Roblox is necesarily a bad website/app.
(The first five on that list were not games for younger children, however, because they have guns, and apparently, guns aren't very good for five year olds to like).
Robux... $4 for 800 virtual dollars that can't be used for things other than Roblox?
That's a bit of a waste of money IMO.
Some games are a bit too unchild friendly.
Now, these games are usually taken down, but Roblox is such a large platform that it can't be moderated instantly.
Toxic community.
With the vast array of games, there are also some games with toxic fans.
), where almost everybody is either eight years old, or a scammer.
Roblox should not be age rated because you can make anything you want and judging off only a few roblox games is unfair.
Secondly, this game is like the YouTube of Video Games.
But if you don't  buy currency now - other players will call you a "noob" or bacon hair.
But - roblox endorses that because they have items that has "noobs" on it - like signs with an arrow that says "noob".
Also, i have seen at least 30 vulnerable kids become "sexually assaulted ".
Also - roblox has guns and games where people pretend to be in gangs.
Also - moderators do NOT do anything.
They just play games all day.
And roblox is full of ADULTS- most who are nice but some are creepy.
And again - please don't let your kid play this if they aren't 14 - save them like i should have been.
There is exploiters in it too.
One time someone made the music of the game a song that just was saying the N slur.
Also - half the reviews are kids lying  about thrir age.
people think alt accounts can make good games wrong the use scripts to do that
The only problem is, robux whixh you have to pay for.
Absolutely disgusting.
It was terrifying.
One of the most annoying things is the moderation system xd

Obviously one of the best games Ever!!!
They stole credit cards for robux, so definetly, do NOT add it to your child's device.
But to put it simply, It's not for kids.
It just doesn't work.
I am NOT saying the game is bad at all.
The issue I see here is that people tend to bypass chats, promote and sexualize things in the game, and a few players I know have gotten hacked.
Essencially this is porn games and strip clubs.
:) But seriously, 

DON'T HAVE YOUR 6 Y/O KID PLAY THIS GAME.
This website WAS intended for children, but if you add in its immature, stupid, and very insolent community, then you can rate it as a 14+ game.
90% of these "childish" players often use foul language, make very racist and offensive remarks, are very easily angered, and use horrible grammar, punctuation, capatilization, and spelling.
Many of them create very violent games (most copying or TRYING to copy popular rated "M" games) and many of them (even most who are younger than 13 years old) are so desperate enough to online date and ask for boyfriends and girlfriends on a KIDS WEBSITE.
If they don't do that then they waste their lives away asking for each others personal information (yes, some "kids" do this), asking for each others account information, and doing other various and inappropriate things such as placing links to porn sites on the forums (which has already happened various times), imitating sex on ROBLOX games (Believe it or not, YES, kids do imitate sexual intercourse on ROBLOX.
And some even comment before they have, or while they have "virtual sex" saying inappropriate things such as "Oh, my 6-foot ***** is gonna *** all over you.
", or making groaning/moaning sounds as if they were actually doing it.
And one huge factors is that when some immature kids do all of these things, it's visible and completely unveiled to basically all the players in the game and/or on the website (which means you're innocent child will most likely be COMPLETELY different after he happens to find and play with the wrong people which is very common as almost 90% of the community is like this).
Until the day when ROBLOX steps its game up to protect the younger, innocent players, I DO NOT recommend this game for a child under the age of 12, but it all depends on the childs maturity and the watchfullness of the parents.
The thing is, the website developers, ROBLOX, didn't make most of these games.
These games can be made by anyone, leaving lots of room for violent, vulgar, content.
Also, there is something in the game called robux, which is not needed to buy, but I had to waste money on this game.
Next, the chat system is broken.
How about this stuff.
Safety and privacy concerns are a big issue nowadays, as there are officials of the site getting bribed to give admin, (which can ban players and take ip addresss), to random people from all over the world.
There are some games that my friends told me, like "Da Hood" which has violence and replicates gang violence.
Oh, and did I forget the online predators.
Yes, ROBLOX banned numbers on children's accounts, but there are ways to bypass it.
They take this information and maybe your child too.
Summary: Don't let your child play many games on roblox, as they are addictive, have safety and privacy concerns, there is swearing, some games has you know what in them, and there is lots of violence in some games.
It was a great game in 2008 but then games like adopt me started pouring in also kids swear if they for example get arrested ITS ONLY A (STUPID) GAME
Adopt me is a scam I played it myself and had many good pets and paid real money to it and the next day it was all gone.
I mean, it gets bad SOMETIMES.
Like any online platform, it's never entirely safe, so I'd say age 12 and up seems smart for this game.
There have been some minor safety issues, but most seem to effect large youtubers, like Flamingo, and not your kid.
Don't just let your kid say and do whatever they want on the site.
Do not let anyone play game Redwood Prison.
Some dude hacked into the game and started talking about prostitutes and how he/she wanted someone to "you-know-what" them.
It was extremely disappointing to see that someone has that low of a life to do so, but Roblox also has to step up their game to deal this things like  this.
I am disappointed.
I recommend having a parent supervise you while playing this game, and many people find way to bypass the swear filter and call others wretched, disgusting names.
The only thing I don't like about this game is the consumerism.
Parents are overreacting!
My parents banned me from the game thinking there were pedifiles and other malicious people all over the place.
Though there are scams they are really just an introduction into how the world can be sometimes.
I was scammed one time when I was 7 and never did anything like it again.
Some games can be violent and sometimes very innapropriate, but are usually taken down almost instantly by moderation.
But really the innapropriate content is unavoidable on a massive online platform.
The can't control that.
There is a little blood in certain games but it's so intense that 5 year olds can't play them.
Most numbers are censored so info can't be passed like passwords and addresses.
Any serious swears like the f word and n words are also censored although there are bypasses which usually are shamed and banned.
Sure you might be called a noob but you get used it people usually ignore or also shame people like that and bullies.
People with no cosmetics or robux are often bullied but it's usually children being children.
Roblox is an amazing game but you must be a where of scammers they are everywhere and also the chat filters are kind of unfair my dog is named Kion and apparently I can’t type his name into the chat I have to spell it like KlON which is Capital K lowercase l Capital ON Which is crazy also some people will try to get away with swearing which I would recommend you try to fix that but mostly in adopt me which is the trending game there are scammers so I would be aware of that thank you
Multiple requests about the same issue may result in a longer wait time.
or something else like that also they don't support e-mails anymore so you have to contact rioblox support and don't even bother calling them their voice mail say:"due to current events our agents can't reach the phone you may be asked to leave a voice mail" but the voice mail is only for adults trying to incorparate roblox so if you get hacked all I can say is:sorry they won't do anything
the roblox problems are mostly the community's fault, not roblox's.
one bad thing about this game is that there is robux which costs money this is used to update your avatar or get things for the games that you play!
So this game isn't a violence unless you see some older players than you cussing and things like that.
and he also added 'Rthro" and it might get worse enough.
But still, some annoying, toxic, salty enough to shout in my ears saying "HACKER, HACKER" or "AIMBOT!
and im not using any of these hacks.
Roblox hacks have more and they have trojan, spyware, ransomware, and more.
If administrator gets infected by the malware its all over.
If your account is under 13 some things you type in the chat might get censored with hashtags, but it is better for the young, for example the words stupid, idiot, dumb, moron etc.
The only bad things in this game are the bypasses:

There are games on Roblox that come with the name of "Condo Games" and they are all about sex and really inappropriate stuff, and even if they get banned in either a few minutes or one day, there are still too many that people can play.
No matter the age of your account, all swears and sexual phrases will be censored, but people still finds a way to bypass the sistem.
The bypass usually stops working after not a long while later ( since roblox  banned that method) but people still find ways.
I really didn't notice anything bad on there.
Make sure your children aren't playing any games called anything like "Free Robux" "Free Premium" Or "Free item generator".
If there is any games with anything in the title or thumbnail saying "Free [Blank] Generator" Don't let them play it.
The report system: The report system isn't that good.
It's easier for reported content to be banned then actual players.
If the player has an inappropriate username, it's easier for them to be banned.
Is Roblox violent?
Some strict parents may say that it is, but honestly, it really isn't.
The only "Violent" games have, non-violent killing (they have no gore-y blood or detailed death), and obby games (which I already said wasn't violent, it just has your character breaking into pieces like a Lego).
The people who say "Roblox is violent" are overreacting.
AS LONG AS YOU MONITOR YOUR DANG CHILDREN ON THE INTERNET!
There's many problems that have arised somewhat recently.
Filter bypass was already an issue since forever but the chat filter implemented was flawed, banning numbers that are crucial for teamwork.
Spam bots have become a problem a few years ago, sending messages to random accounts and promising them "Free" robux (the premium currency) and stealing the accounts of the poor souls who believe them, carrying the message to whoever is on the friends list.
Overall, the platform is like a minefield where each mine is concealed, but poorly enough that a user over the age of 12 will be able to see through it.
If someone tries to swear, it is blocked by a hashtags system.
For example, if I was to try to say the f-word it would come out as this: ####.
If you are wondering about inappropriate games, for example a game involving s*x, it is usually taken down by a moderator in minutes.
Roblox is for kids, i gave it four stars because of this:
I don't like customer support, first they tell us wrong advice and we do it and they just come back with a error.
The logo is bad, I personally think that it's horrible compared to the 2010 version.
Violence:
Some games are unsuitable for younger children, such as "Airplane", "Jailbreak", and "Crossroads" etc.
Safety and Privacy Concerns:
If you're under thirteen, you may not do certain stuff 13+ users can do, you cannot use the private settings (Fix YouTube Channel etc.
), you cannot buy certain stuff, and you cannot say certain words.
and you might see some violence, but that is normal.
every game has violence.
This review was written by a kid gamer.
It has guns, you kill other players, etc.
There's also simulators and story games, which are... not very versatile.
Most of them don't include violence.
If you don't want your kid playing certain games, you should monitor what they're doing on there.
:
Most people have good intentions, but some don't.
There's actually a lot of rude or mean ones.
Scammers:
You should be careful, especially in games like "Trade Hangouts".
They can get into your account, and you might never get it back.
Don't worry about swearing and sexual content.
THEY EVEN CENSOR NUMBERS (for younger players), which is kinda annoying but I understand why they would do that.
Some even say they get low grades cause of roblox!
Dude, Typically don't let your kid play roblox I rate roblox 10 and up.
Chat filter:Yes, I know roblox kinda has a bad chat filter.
Scented con is for kids 14+ And some bots remake the game Roblox is currently working on this issue.
Contrary to what most people say, it’s difficult to make your own game, and no-one will play it, unless you pay Robux for ads.
People make fun of you if you have a free avatar, and games are much more difficult without Robux.
However, it’s much less needed than Robux, and personally, I think you shouldn’t get it for your kid.
Unless you’re someone who wants to trade expensive avatar accessories with people, there’s no reason to buy Premium.
Scammers spam in Roblox chat links to websites where you put personal information about yourself for “free robux”, (enough to buy the expensive accessories) and then it doesn’t give you it.
Another scam is on the website itself.
There are scam games which tell you to put your password in for “free robux”, but the game pretends to glitch out.
The scammer reads the password and hacks into your account, taking all your robux.
The in-game chat has a filter which blocks numbers (so people can’t tell people their personal info), swear words, and insults (“crappy” is not filtered).
I HIGHLY recommend you only let your child friend people they know in real life.
If people are being bad, or a game is inappropriate, you can report them and Roblox will do something about it, and they might even ban them or the game.
You can also block people, which makes you unable to see their messages, chat and friend requests.
Age rating:
VIOLENCE: 4/5
Violence (aside from account theft) is the biggest issue on Roblox.
Many popular Roblox games are about gun fightings, and those games are where most of the blood is shed.
SWEARING: 1/3

“Crappy, “crap” and “hell” are not filtered.
If you get it on mobile and Xbox, you can't make games.
in roblox chat, thay talk about racism and sex, but the swears the chat hashtags out.
I haven’t seen anything inappropriate or 18+ content.
Well I think I did see one inappropriate thing where someone was able to type bad words but I reported them immediately, but after that it went normal.
There wasn’t any hackers but except I did fall for one scam.
DONT FALL FOR ANY SCAMS.
If they ask you for your personal info like home address, phone numbers, email addresses and passwords, etc, you should know not to respond to those and tell your parent immediately or report it to the roblox company.
Honestly out of 600 hours of playtime, even I didn't figure this out.
In reality, this game has made very little progression through the last year or so to manage this genre.
It's more of a chatting simulator that nobody even talks in; I would sit online for hours and perhaps three or four messages would be posted in the local or global chat.
The game has achievements, purchases, kingdoms,houses....I don't know, I doubt anything new has been added since I left this game, given the absolute slog that is the development pace of this game.
But that sounds like a lot to do, right?
They aren't useful for anything and are there purely to consume your time and distract you from the fact there is next to zero actual updates for this game.
Absurd.
So many bloody glitches.
Developer is convinced that they should do everything themself, leading to rapid decline in update quality.
Coding is hard.
But choosing to solo it, making your community's experience on your game suffer because of your own personal inability to work with others?
Yikes.
-Advertised as a community-based game but the community itself is incredibly small, inclusive, overall not welcoming to new players.
Can't even count how many new players I've had inform me they quit playing, not due to the quality of the game, but the fact NOBODY wanted to talk to them at any point.
They'd just exclude them from active conversations (on the rare event the few people online even talk in public chats to begin with) or even tell them to shut up so they 'stop spamming,' a.k.a.
Also the parents that are having trouble on the game with their kids what you can do is block the people bulling your kids on the game which this is social media i am not surprise that will happen anyways i suggest your kids getting away from people making scams on the game chat and games or anything related to scams and also read the rules on this game.
I like the game but it scams people for Robux.
Also it does not censor Cuss Words.
Many parents will see one player bypassing the chat filter or one inappropriate game and immediately assume that the entire Roblox platform is unsafe.
However, that is nowhere close to what Roblox actually is.
Don't worry about language though because there is an EXTREMELY strict chat filter that would cover every curse word in hashtags.
Robux can also be a problem because kids wanna make their avatar cool with it.
but some of the games are very inappropriate.
Some issues I have with this game is that the moderators aren't really that great, the moderators have problems with it's ban system and bypassed system, most likely because ROBLOX uses more bots and less real people for moderators.
You better watch out for scams about free robux, they tell you about this site for "free robux" but NEVER go to those sites as they can take your account by adding your information in them.
There could be inappropriate games which sooner or later will get ban and deleted from ROBLOX, there is always a report button to report these kind of games.
There are people that are complaining about bullies, but THAT IS THE REAL WORLD!!!!
There are bullies everywhere, even at school, so that is like complaining about school and saying it's not okay for children!!
Same with swearing, except Roblox has a censorship to avoid most that and if they somehow gt past that you can easily report that!
Now for Inappropriate/Violent games, first of all games aren't even bloody that are violent and the violence isn't that bad all that happens is your body falls apart and you respawn, and Inappropriate games can easily be reported and most the time can't even get approved in the first place!!
Your character is also extremely hard to control.
First of all, many other reports say that this is not a game for kids, even though this was originally designed for kids...
Lots of the games do include violence, but what do you expect...
The games that do include violence don't have lots of blood.
When a roblox character (that looks kinda like a lego character) dies, then they just fall apart, instead of u know, what would happen in real life...
Some people may scam you in-game, but it is not possible to get scammed out of robux (a currency used throughout the website purchased with real money)...
Gosh I can't think of enough word to use to descirbe this game.
Players constantly ask me if I will date them, bully me, call me names, cuss, and ask to have sex.
Honestly this is disgusting.
Who the heck allows this?
Players bypass safechat and lie about their ages.
This is such a bad game.
While yes some stuff is good, just please don't get addicted to it like my sister did.
It is violent sometimes.
I understand that but if that particular game seems violent to you and your child you should not play it.
It can be horrifying at times, that is just the imagination of people.
The chat does occasionally have people fighting or swearing.
Roblox is not perfect, however.
I saw one comment earlier saying that they were playing an amusement park game, and that it does not have safety bars, seat-belts, and other safety equipment.
Roblox games are hard to make.
I don't understand why parents are furious over the fact that the roller-coaster does not have seat-belts.
It's a kids game, not an adult game.
I don't like it personally, since it's not my type and I am older.
Most News Articles On ROBLOX Are Extremely Biased and use to put ROBLOX in a bad light.
The Truth is, it is Very Rare for a child with A Underage Account to find inappropriate content due to all of the censors in place (Ex.
And before some adults say but skytreegamer172 I dont think roblox is good because some times the oder games yes yes I know but this isnt robloxs fault.
And roblox or its Mods cant control what people make using roblox studio.
Thus people taking advantage of that.
Most of the time these games are shut down by reports.
And dont tell me that 
O those games like obbys and survive the killer games are not good.
Ok if you complain about the survive the killers game then go play the real version instead like slender man and all that stuff.
And obbys dont even get me started because complaining about obstical courses is just stupid ok. Like a game where all you do is jump i dont really see any harm.
Roblox is very hated by parents, parents basically hates any game that content the minium of violence and blood, but roblox  isn't bad at all, yes, the robux costs money, but you can enjoy it without paying, I have been in roblox since 2018 and I just saw some games that are inappropriate and scam kids, but you always can report it and roblox get rid of they and terminate their account, sometimes, roblox can appear like an easy to hack game, or people can hack your account by doing a kind of exploit or  som
Roblox like any website on the internet may have bad people asking for information from children, Roblox makes sure numbers come out in #’s unless you are old enough (13+).
The games get boring the more you play it.
In conclusion, I think Roblox is fine but still not the best game.
the only word that isn't going to be hashtaged is "hell"
There are also some cons in this game.
People are bypassing, OD and even bullying or hacking/exploiting.
Also, Roblox moderation and customer service it's so bad.
I forget my PIN account and I try to contact Roblox Customer Service.
They say that they can't disable my PIN account.
Also, Roblox groups that are for working at cafes/restaurants/airlines ARE NOT FOR 10+ KIDS.
I have seen kids below 10 working and they don't even know how to write with full grammar.
Also, Ro-aviation is very hard to work and I hate that if that airline trys to be realistic, it ruins the experience because you feel like irl.
AVOID SCAMMERS/BULLYS AND BAD PEOPLE.
Cops and robbers, parkour, would you rather... the list goes on and on.
I’ve seen loads of people say bad words in the chat either through hacking or substituting letters in curse words to keep them from being censored; example: putting “ü” instead of “u” in the f word.
Some games you play (especially hotel and restaurant games) there will be someone filling the chat with bad language.
Although rare, there are multiple cases of hackers putting horrible creepy things in Roblox games.
I have heard a bunch of retarded parents say Roblox is the worst game ever and that you can get raped in there but things have changed since 2017.
Roblox actually went ahead and banned all the people who did exploits (like the rape stuff, but that also had innocent people banned).
roblox is a good game for kids 10 & up but there is a big problem.
These pedophiles are going and finding kid's accounts ( mostly girls)and asking if they can date, address,age,and gender.
Most of these weirdos may seem inocent at first but they do weird things.
I suggest you let your kids play it BUT do not let your kid be in danger in the hands of a pedophile.
Also note that some games are dangerous so make sure you watch your kid play and only let your kid play games you have approved.
Some games aren't as child friendly as others.
The only thing I can say is that the Robux is overpriced.
Amazingly disgusting and has swearing for age 1+
All of the parents are complaining about roblox.
For example, they blame hide and seek for violent killing while there are no killing scene in it; blame roleplays and tycoons letting kids have a job, while this game provided best education and making kids proud; blaming jailbreak for teaching kids the violent stuff, while it marked 13+; blaming roblox for having robux.
besides, there are roville and rocitizens for free; blaming roblox because their kid are swearing, while they learned it in real life, and maybe even learned from their parents; blaming roblox for having bullies, while there are real bullies in real life going online and trolling; and WORST of all, saying that roblox is as bad as GTA5, and Call of Duty is even LESS VIOLENT than ROBLOX?
These pieces of evidence are enough to prove my opinion: ROBLOX IS TOO UNDERRATED.
Don't let your kid go to "free robux" game or website.
or if it asked your password, never do it.
if you dont like it because your kid is playing violent games then tell them to play some more appropriate games.
if they swear too much and the game doesnt hashtag it then tell them not to swear.
no need to ban their roblox account , for the parents who dont agree with me i say you have no common sense.
if you still dont like roblox then tell your kids to play mincraft
And plus you can't say you're personal info becuase it tags it.
There is no BAD things about Roblox, the only bad thing is that you can give information.
Roblox blocked Numbers and bad words.
A lot of parents complain about their kids being scammed, bullied, and blame it on Roblox.
This is 2020, There’s a lot of hackers and they will stop at nothing to steal your accounts.
This isn’t roblox’s fault.
Roblox aren’t the scammers here it is out of their league to control the thousands, no millions of hackers out there....
3) Dealing with bullies.
Firstly a lot of kids beg their parents for robux(an In game currency) because they get bullied for not having them due to 1 reason, only obtainable by purchasing it.
You have to understand that this “robux” is only owned by 10% of the player base and it is absolutely normal that you do not have robux.
It would take at most 2 weeks to get a reply so please do not blame them.
Roblox is probably the worst website in the world as of now for children and teens in general.
There is a ton of bullying and fighting on this website and people curse all the time.
The community is made up of rude, immature, dirty minded people.
There is a a lot of scary violent games on this website like Piggy where they turn Peppa Pig into a murderer and people call each other noob all the time especially if you don't have robux.
There is also a lot of disturbing content on this game.
In roleplaying games people try to have sex and girls dress like sluts on this website to impress boys.
This game shows very clearly how much online society has rotted .
This game is fun but has privacy issues.
But usually these are scams.
Some of these games that claim the give you free Robux games ask you to sign in again NEVER do that they're just trying to steal you username and password.
Simulators are mostly time wasting games.
It's all these toxic online daters, and kids that will usually bother you, and not understand that you them to go away.
Probably the most annoying/disappointing part of the community.
Now, this has been said a lot, but online dating can be dangerous, a normal player can end up being a 40 year old man in real life, also, it's against the roblox ToS.
The safe chat, that's another problem.
If you are under 13, numbers you write in the chat will be censored.
Even though, today, those things are mostly prevented by other players, and dont even happen anymore, the safe chat still censors numbers and other innocent words, like languages, I mean, why cant you be able to speak a language like Romanian in roblox because you're under 13, and the safe chat will take it as a bunch of spammed letters, which I don't see the point in censoring!
Roblox is inappropriate for children there are a lot of fights and people curse which isn’t good for children.
There is also  a bunch of bullying.
Also some games THAT seem to be for role playing with friends actually have people having sex and other inappropriate things.
The language in some of the games is really inappropriate and is appropriate for young children.
The reason I gave it 4 stars is because the moderation is garbage at times.
Sometimes it won't let you say simple words with safe chat.
There are also some inappropriate games that don't get taken down for hours.
I understand that there are tons of other things moderators have to fix but these games are so easy to find.
Another note, don't listen to the reviews criticizing games because all ROBLOX games are user generated and it's not ROBLOX's problem they have hackers or if they just don't like the games people make.)
Now I been seeing some reviews of parents saying That Their kids' grades have dropped, I wouldn't blame Roblox, I have always been an A+ and B+ Student and I still am, and I don't just play Roblox for an hour, I play up to more than 5 hours, Now one thing is that you have to watch out for your kids asking you for robux, Robux is like money for the games so you can make your character look nice, If your kid has roblox on Mobile, You could give them robux that's only 99 cents!
I seriously don’t get why some parents are saying that Roblox.
Is a super inappropriate game listen you can monitor your CHILD.
Please don’t just come and judge the game.
Almost every single game is free, many good peoples, pretty funny memes and chat filter but now let's talk about the cons: Almost every single game is heavily monetized, chat filter is not very good, people can bypass chat filter by simply doing something like this f%$rick, many hackers that are making games full of adult content, some predators etc.
I'm polish so I'm not good at English
This game is the worst!
Child predators are now  on the game!
Robux bots are  scamming innocent children.
ROBLOX moderators are quickly removing the sexual games that are not kid-friendly from the site.
Great game i don't understand why the parents are going crazy over a CHILDRENS game sure can say hell but you say s*** and b**** infront of you child so ya'll can shut up about it its child friendly and can teach (look up math it works) coding,math, and reading!
It’s not ROBLOX’s fault that you don’t pay attention to your kids because they are only admins of the game not your kids baby sitter.
Yes roblox can have inappropriate things in it but that’s because young kids think it’s fine to bypass the chat filter.
If you end up finding out that your kid is online dating and is involved with inappropriate thing it YOUR fault for not paying attention to YOUR kid.
So don’t go saying it’s ROBLOX’s fault for your kid being involved in bad things
but I don't like a bit of it.
my parents don't allow this "Robux" so I never got Robux

also roblox players are very toxic and mean.
people say 'you suck' when they lose to you and people also scam and advertise in the chat saying "(website which leads you to a scam)'.
3 year olds play this game which is not appropriate for them.
also when teens play this game and a 3 year old comes in, they will spam in chat like gibberish and probably emojis and hashtags '#######' 

roblox is a great game but it shouldn't allow robux or never let younger people to play and probably suggest them play a low vilonce game and for robux, I think we shoud start 200 robux when sighned up because it feels nothing when you don't have it
with all online games their will be rude people.
imvu is like Roblox but for adults and their are real pedos on their on Roblox if you see kids online dating their most likely a child wanting to roleplay.
She doesn't get that words are tagged out if they are bad.
In any game people are going to try and break the rules.
Games that are bad and breaking rules are taken off the website.
If you want your child to be safe on the internet you have to teach them what a online scam is.
Even if your kid is watching a video it can still scam people.
You should teach your kids about scams before there first time on the internet.
Also if you are going to give your kid your phone and they find a bad games you should just watch your kids better Karen.
None of them are inappropriate at all.
This game does not have any sex in it.
It’s not perfect, it has a couple of flaws.
Firstly, most of the updates are not good in 2020.
The moderation is not that good in Roblox to be honest.
Just make sure your children do not fall for those free adopt me pets, or free robux scams.
It's extremely hard to moderate every single bypass, so don't blame the company.
A lot of people don't accept the fact the Roblox has tons of benefits and I wish they did.
It's a fun game but there is a real problem with moderators-when u report someone, nothing happens and even though strong language is moderated, people are always bullying and getting away with it.
My sibling got up 4 in the morning every day just to play!
A lot of parents are literally oblivious to what it really is!
I've been harassed and bullied on this game plenty of times and nothing has happened to the bullies.
I also know that from my friends experiences, if you're not mature enough then you'll meet some pretty dodgy people.
Many say that the chat is very bad, but it is censored for players under 13 and can even be turned off!
Some games are violent, but the game is very cartoony and blocky, almost similar to Minecraft.
The only problem is ROBUX.
So 75 dollars in all.. then after a few days i really don’t know why, but the app started charging him more money then what we payed for.
My dad had to call our bank, and i really don’t think he got the money back.
And now that my dad doesnt have a job all that 300 dollars are being wasted on nothing.
I think my dads credit card info got stolen and i got really sad when it happened.
I think it would be better to buy Roblox gift cards instead cause Roblox doesn’t have a safe security.
But there can be cyber bullying a lot, mostly 10 or 9 year olds keep bullying people.
Really weird Ik.. You can’t tell your age in Roblox and it’s safe for children but you can get harassed sometimes.. coUgH.
roblox gotta fix their website god dangit stop giving me games that only like 6 year old kids who dont know any better play oml fix ur filter plz stop removing good features and adding horrible ones like do i care about a stupid popular among premium??
i mean roblox does give ur kids some creativity but filter kicks in and filters ur game title and the description turning it to a hastag fest.
the filter is a joke too u cant say numbers but u can say the f word by adding or replacing a couple letters.
roblox has to fix their website
But my negative side of this is the games that aren't moderated until a specific time.
There are s** with an average of 300 people playing them.
Roblox is Not the best game but it's a perfect example of the internet.
In roblox anything and I mean everything can happen there are people who have   abused children while bypassing the swear filter although it is rare but the chance of this happening is once every 2 years or so.
another thing is that people can go into games and start saying bad things by bypassing the swear filter it's sort of the same thing but it isn't targeted against anyone.
Adopt Me isn't a bad game at all but the problem is that it is too big for roblox in fact in one case on may  its "dress your pets" update made over 1.6 Million people for playing that's great for them but terrible people will create fake games that looks seriously like adopt me
So little kids will fall for it, they will ask kids for their password but even if you put a fake password they will still be able to steal your password

So I want you to know incase if someone you know or you likes the game adopt 
A scam game and they log out later
All of that is gone
Down the drain including the account forever unless if you have proof that you own the account and that is in rare cases you might get the account back all.
A sad thing is that robux is fairly expensive and without robux you cant do as much stuff on robux.another thing is that people will swear but if so just leave or block them.
I know sometimes you will encounter a preditor but if they send you kids a link that's not David bazuskis(CEO of Roblox) problem it's your son's for not having any common sense it's so stupid how many bullshit reviews  on this website therehthere are this all coming from me a avid Roblox player (being on Roblox for 9 years) the only reason I didn't rate Roblox a 5 star is beacuse of the Karen's that spend 1000s of pounds and their account gets baned so uhh yea it's not like the account was terminated that's
Parents should take note that on online games/activities there a violence suchs as bombs, swords, guns etc.
Yes, there may be bad games but if your child has common sense then they shouldn't even join them, but games like Jailbreak and Arsenal aren't really bad as you might think when you look at the title, don't judge a game by its title, Jailbreak and Arsenal are meant for having fun, not making you robbers or shoot someone, and yes you can kill cops in Jailbreak, but there is ZERO amount of blood shown.
And if you do see bad stuff like swearing and other bad content, you can report it.
And please don't fall for Robux scams as they don't work.
Also, Roblox has not many, but really good pros and has very small cons and big cons which involve you or your parents money getting stolen.
And this brings us to the scam chapter.
If you see in the recommended "ADOPT ME - FREE PETS", do not go there.
It looks so Identical that even an 8 year old could get scammed.
Please do not let your child play them, or do not go in them yourself.
It is very dangerous in two ways.
You can see something awful, and get banned.
Now that we got that out of the way, let's talk about language which I think Roblox does not care about at all and tags innocent things and doesn't tag bad things.
There is safe chat to keep younger audiences safe, but all it does is make them frustrated.
It really frustrates little kids when they can't say the numbers, but I see why Roblox did that, for a stupid reason that no 8 - 12 year old would do.
Fix your system, Roblox.
I mean.. Why do parents think ROBLOX is a bad game?
Inappropriate games.
If you die it’s just like un-attached lego pieces in the floor, and blood is just a red spot.
Also, if Roblox is reading this, please make it so that whenever you do a certain thing, you get Robux because with the monthly payment that comes with it it's really slow to come through because, well haven't you read what I said earlier, it's monthly.
There are chat bubbles sure, but Roblox can filter it out if it's inappropriate or rude.
Sure what I like is good ol' horror games and bloodshed buuuuuut I can't post it on YouTuber.
Cons: Your biggest concern should be your kid getting hacked, or scammed, because roblox moderation is pretty bad, but still doesn't let 18 plus content from being shared.
Now to scamming, many games, like adopt me or murder mystery 2 have trading in them, including the site itself, if you have a young kid, tell them to not trade with others if you feel that they could be scammed, now hacking, the only ways this could happen is if you download a virus or get a bad web extensions, or if someone gets your password, this is why you need to turn on two step verification.
Even though Roblox filters out content based on your child's age, kids could lie about their age, and some things may still not be age-appropriate for  a young kid.
The games are fun and all, but a lot of kids get access to games that are not age-appropriate because of the violence, jump scares, weapon activity, and other things that get young kids in the mindset that this violence and activity is normal, and this mindset can become a normality for them.
Roblox has a filter where if you curse, hashtags appear so the "F" word would be ####.
If your child gets bullied or is in danger, always report with the in-game feature or grab the username and email it so Roblox for investigation.
i can recall playing on this platform since 2012, most games are good, its  merely bias and perspective that makes  people hate specific games on the platfom.
if you decide to look into roblox youtube, you'll maybe  encounter a video titled "the TRUTH about online dating on roblox", this WILL scare you into thinking your kid will begin to OD on roblox, however, unless your kid specifically searches for roleplay games that aren't even meant for ODing, then he/she should be fine

- written by some bored kid
Parents, 
I have seen many fake reviews on roblox, and I am here to bust them.
Most of these reviews are from people from other video game companies that are posing as parents to make it seem like roblox is a bad, scary, and horror like game.
A lot of people say it is bad because they want to make people believe their “stories” that they made up.
A lot of youtubers including myself have made videos insulting these “parents” with their made up stories, and I hope you don’t believe them.
People here have also been saying there are "sex predators" and those things.
Theres a lot of games with blood but they dont even look like blood they are mostly red squares there are fun games and if your childs data on one of the gamed gets deleted just dont contact roblox But the devs that made that game.
Aswell there isnt much swearing cause it will hashtag it if you say #### let your child know about online daters and how to avoid them  and not to go to sketchy games that say free robux or free items or your account will get scammed
Do not give your kid an account or make one when you/them are under 12 there is lots of stuff like horror and jumpscares and there is game that you need to rob the bank and shoot police and there can be swearing so this is not for kids under 12
The only thing I hate is paying for Robux..
There are some bullies in the game but I think that it is easier to leave the game then to get caught up in all of this unnecessary drama.
I just don't like how it puts tags when you misspell something, like i wanted to joke around with my friends and say "Paparazzi are after me cause i'm so famous."
but i misspelled it and it tag out witch is really annoying, but other than that its a good game.
Some parents are complaining about toxic players.
This game has too many problems!
There is so much drama, so much swearing and it is way too pricy!
People are pretending to have babies in a KIDS game!
The chat filter is HORRIBLE and DISGUSTING!
(f3ck, b!tch, sh!t ect.)
PEOPLE ARE FIGURING OUT HOW TO SAY BAD WORDS LIKE- 
Also you can't say numbers like.. What the ef Roblox?
most people might think that its bad because of drugs, voilence, or other things, just tell your kids to stay away from those.
Those types of games wont ever be on the leaderboard or anything, your child just searched that game up.
Roblox has alot of great messages, but there are some violence
People are really mean and it sorta ruin expierience for me.
_              _
  \_(:/)_/

(Also 12 year old's don't need safe chat)
Now roblox is full of sex games and stuff.
Roblox usually has chat filters but some hackers decided to find a way to make the filter not relevant in these sex games.
There are graphic "animations/dances" where you can "twerk" and more disgusting things.
TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE!
Also without the chat filter roblox usually provides in the rest of the games people are swearing and saying really vulgar words, roblox would also stop kids from sharing phone numbers, snapchats, tiktoks, instagrams etc but now people are sharing them in these games.
In common cases, they're just little kids that have no idea what they are doing.
In severe cases, these people are child predators and might ask for personal information; or worse.
But it is VERY unlikely for that to happen.
Roblox has a very strict filter, making users under the age of 13 not even say NUMBERS.
But in very few toxic games, many people bypass the filter and are able to say swear words.
This content is not ever but just once in a very long time seen on Roblox, even if it does it gets deleted very quickly.
Few but some Roblox Youtubers make inappropriate content containing drinking, drugs, smoking, etc...
SAFETY AND PRIVACY CONCERNS: 1 point.
And just to note, it is not that easy to get used to for the little ones.
It has a large variety of games, it blurs out swearing, and bad games get deleted in under 20 minutes or less.
The people that make these types of games obviously get banned and sometimes can never come back to the website.
If you rate this a 1 star, then you probably looked way too hard to put a bad message on this game.
People are making Roblox seem so, toxic.
Sure, some kids are calling eachothers "noobs".
Which is basically when someone is new, or just bad at a game.
Sure, bullying is on the app.
But usually roblox tags certain words when people are bullying.
And stop comparing Roblox to games like, Grand Theft Auto, Or Other online games.
You cant really put a rating on online games.
You can swear, and have sex with other players.
Yeah, well those get taken down in at least 30 minutes.
And sure, scams are a thing.
But thats just kids ignorance.
I find it disgusting, but still.
Its not Roblox's fault.
Your kids are angles, ive seen on other 3rd party apps kids are like "how do you cuss??????"
I was perm banned in the first 2 minutes.
So its really hard to get those games up.
And yeah, kids are bad at spelling.
Some 8 year old " This exceeding trifling witling, considering ranting criticizing concerning adopting fitting wording being exhibiting transcending learning, was displaying, notwithstanding ridiculing, surpassing boasting swelling reasoning, respecting correcting erring writing, and touching detecting deceiving arguing during debating"?
See, if they get naked and sit on eachother.. thats bad.
Also, when you buy robux for your child, it does not save your credit card details with it.
If someone decides to post something bad, ROBLOX Moderation will take it down.
As a 2016 player of ROBLOX, I agree that ROBLOX Moderation is terrible but the Moderation still has some sense.
Worrying that your child would see something naughty:
If you find your child seeing something naughty on ROBLOX, either report the game or report the online daters (ODers) and they will get banned.
If anyone calls you noob from the clothing they are just calling you new nothing to cry about.
There are some games with blood and all that stuff but it isnt horror movie level so if u let ur kid watch horror movies they should be fine with this stuff.
Worse case scenario, tell them not to play these games and if they still play that's not Roblox's fault.
They will, at some point,  be exposed to all this stuff, and there's no way to stop it unless u lock them up in the house and never let them out.
This is what should be done instead of blaming a game that is doing all that they can to stop this.
Roblox had a very heavy filter in chat so it's very hard to swear or give out personal info.
That being said you should be extra careful about buying premium (membership) or Robux (Currency) I have seen multiple videos on YouTube about kids stealing their parents credit card to buy Robux.
And some people just don’t care at all and just insult everyone...
BUT if ur child (again if ur a parent) wants to play it SOOOOO badly the just let them and keep a close eye on what they’re doing.
And some adults pretend they’re kids to trick kids and all that stuff... u know what?
Now that I’m reading this again I think maybeee... yeah it’s kinda not the best game for kids...
On my perspective you just need to ask you're children on why they're acting sometime's "STUPID" or maybe just acting up a little sometime's
And i'm saying this not as a "PARENT" i'm saying this as a "TEEN" but no offense you may just need to let you're children get a bit of time to understand on the end of playtime
And yet you're just going "HAM" on the children sometime's you probably just need to understand on why they're acting like that and just ask them on why they did that ok?
And plus you sometime's just can't blame the action of you're kids because of "ROBLOX" except for uhm buying robux...
Any parent's who saw this do not be "MAD" please i'm saying this to only probably help or something
But you can just do you're own opinions it depend's on you yes you a "PARENT"
Or maybe you can just say avoid playing game's that has violence
Just make sure to ask them politely or order them politely just play the game's are mostly based on they're age thank you for understanding "PARENTS"
However, ROBLOX's moderation system isn't the best and some innappropriate content may slip through the cracks.
From what I know and others that will have bad language but there is a thing called a safe chat but for me im honestly addicted to Roblox I have spent so much money, most of my time on that game and it reached to a point to where my parents made me quit.
I've been through a lot of arguments with other users on Roblox and yes some users are pretty selfish and rude but I never use safe chat but for the younger users I would put them on safe chat and make sure your child stays away from those (ODer) online daters and also the Roblox admins are very good about Hackers/scammers and people who curse the thing I would do is get close to my online friends I would give them my info for them to call me or contact me and that is a not really an okay thing to.
also Roblox can have your child addicted to it and maybe have a bad behavior.
The chat filter is very strong and so strong that it is annoying.
And even some names are all blocked by the chat filter.
But some people can still say bad things through the chat.
Also the report system does not seems to actually check out someone’s account if you report them.
Also EVERYTHING costs Robux which is very unfair to those who don’t want to spend money on a game you already downloaded.
Ok, I'm not a hater but I gave it a 4 star because their are nasty/disturbing players.
It has nasty players like Online Daters, Scammers, And alot of swearing.
Some Games are violent, like for example "The condo games."
It is so much dangerous letting your child seeing this.
Just tell your child to report the game and simply ignore it.
"I CAN"T GET MY ROBUX AAAAAAAAAAAAA HELP"

You guys parents are stupid.
They won't scam y'all, its because you don't know how to do it.
"Scammers & Scams"

Parents, if you are new to roblox, don't let your child click one a "ADOPT ME OMG FREE PETS OR ROBUX," they will ask you for your password,so they could hack your daughter/son.
"INNAPROPIATE GAMES THAT AREN"T FOR 7+ UP"

Well, games like phantoms forces and arsenal have guns.
If you don't want to let your child play that, then say "Don't play killing games or you're gonna be punished."
"FINAL"

The story that I just told you, isn't ROBLOX'S Fault.
/It's their players who are toxic/salty.
Roblox is so fun but there are a lot of hackers and scam games that I fell for when i was young.
I have read through a lot of these reports and I honestly think that some of these reports are bullshit.
Sure, there are some immature people who try to bypass the filter of Roblox to swear, but you can just block them and you will no longer be able to see their messages.
"It is not kid-friendly" meaning kids get addicted to it real fast like I started Roblox when I was 10 but I TOTALLY got addicted.
Robux is not helping!
The chatbox is not child friendly!
It used to be so innocent.
The community is so toxic.
Even though roblox is very quick to ban inappropriate games.
But users they do't really seem to care if you were mean or online dated on roblox which is against the Terms and Conditions.
You can't say straight up swear words but people still find a way around it.
Everyone insults you and judges you if you have no robux or you're a "noob".
Lots of people online date and sometimes do  disgusting things.
It pressures children to get robux to be "cool".
As they all say, they steal their mums credit card and by robux.
But a lot of the community is toxic and disgusting.
There are creepy people on there that have gross intentions.
Although some of the creators are robux greedy and make updates to games which are almost impossible to do without robux.
There is always a lot of bias in common sense posts, but I think people just forget what you are taught in KINDERGARTEN!
If you are worried your children will get harassed, don't be.
They will only be harassed if they're being mean to others.
You maybe worried about sexual harassment/assault in the game, but I can assure you, no one is going to do that.
The one thing I don't like is that most of the games are pay to win.
the roblox moderation team is small and its not like everything bad on roblox is banned within hours.
but due to this some bad apples come out.
they are called condo games and they are non kid friendly.to find them go on roblox and search scented con the condo games show up if you do that.but this will always be a problem so just make sure you know what your kids are viewing.
parents and teens, if you think roblox is bad for kids, it's your kid's fault.
and if they steal your credit card, it's probably because of your parenting.
if you just don't want your child doing things, just warn them to not do that again.
if it's too much violence, too much sex, too much swearing, too much consumerism, too much drinking/drugs/smoking, or even safety and privacy concerns, just warn them next time.
if someone bullies their kid, you should just help them out, okay?
It's an addictive game, and not exactly fun.
It becomes repetitive and boring.
People hack accounts, bully once in a while, but only on rare occasions do things get very serious.
If you see your child playing this game, and you tell them it's not safe to play, enforce your rules, and show them this review.
I played this game from 2nd grade to 4th grade, and I saw the worst of it.
The only game I recommend you do not let your children play in Roblox is Adopt Me.
People are bullied a lot there.
My sister even lost one of her best friends playing it.
It is fun sometimes but there are lots of spammers that lie and make you do things that take hours and they do nothing.
There is lots of bulling and people find to swear at you.
If you see, hear, or hear about anything inappropriate, don't overreact.
If they say then do not understand, tell them that they can not play ROBLOX until they do understand.
My account got hacked by games that make you give your password, and pretend like you will get UNLIMITED PETS IN ADOPT ME!
(a game) And this is a LIE!
Sweaing other then H--- (not really a bad word) are #taged out, just because you see tags, it does not mean someone is swearing, like if someone says ufheuhfwuh, it will come out like this ##########, if the say this s--- it will come out like this ####.
Please don't listen to the 18+'s or the 1 star reviews - they are incorrect.
I also have chat, and of course, people sometimes argue with each other, but nothing worse than that.
It's impossible to swear, because it is just censored with ####, so you can't even see what they were trying to say.
As well as this, depending if you are 13 or under, the chat is almost impossible to say bad things, because anything that is relatively inappropriate or rude, because that also is censored with hashtags (#).
If your child is naughty or not very trustworthy, you can create a pin that locks your account so you can't change your settings/buy Robux without knowing the code.
If you just don't want your child to have chat at all, that's fine and you can do that too (that means they cannot see or say anything) but that could cause some problems if all their friends have it or they're feeling left out or someone is telling them to stop doing something and they can't see that.
People say that there is violence in this - that is absolutely ridiculous.
I have played about half a million different games on Roblox and none of them (even ones that are literally all about fighting) have blood or gore.
When you die (if it's even possible to die in the game you're playing) think of Lego, that is how you die, with the pieces of you falling apart (that might sound horrifying to you, but honestly, it's exactly the same as, say, pulling apart a Lego figure), and there is no blood, gore or bones at all.
OK, now everybody is saying that there is inappropriate stuff and people DATING - what on earth?
Almost everyone from my old school has Roblox, and most people in my year from my new school too - gossip here spreads quickly and nobody has said anything about anything bad happening with them.
even hinting a swear word or trying to get around the filter) they will be reported/or the moderators will see it and look into it, and they'll be banned by the next day, at the longest.
As well as this, drinking/drugs/smoking related things are all censored if somebody tries to speak about them in a game as well, which is very unlikely because about 99.93% of Roblox players are relatively young so they won't even know about that kind of thing - please don't worry yourself.
Opening disclaimer: being honest here Roblox is a child’s first exposure to being scammed and bullied.
Scamming:
Scams are a huge problem in the Roblox community and are connected to the botting crisis.
They appear as chat boxes and in rare cases complete hacks, a roblox group disguising as developers has taken more accounts than you can imagine and the same is for many others.
Violence:
If you don’t want your kid exposed to violence including guns, knives, and blood, avoid the horror section and the FPS games.
An economic crash has indeed happened via the removal of the tickets from the roblox economy being a separate currency that was free.
Nowadays roblox is getting creators to give people free stuff for premium no other people can get and that may cause the next crash.
Moderation:
This is a touchy subject, in context many reports seem to go unnoticed because roblox does not inform you of the result of you reporting and that’s our own fault as we report dumb things.
Bullying
The term “noob” has morphed into a word meaning stupid, I literally asked someone and they said it means dumb or stupid or whatever, sad fact but same thing happened to the word dumb, dumb actually means unable to speak.
Politics:
I don’t think I can elaborate but... people splash political view in your face and I will stop talking because I really think I would be banned if I elaborated.
Sexual accusations:
This goes back to the last thing where umm...   people give sexuality and stuff and some weirdos do game of gross stuff and it get ban quick and they post it on sites next topic please

Filter: roblox one day had a panic attack because everyone hated them over some people talking about how you can say your address and crap so I hope you didn’t like saying words like cell phone or house or just numbers.
The problem is, the users there sometimes bully you.
For example, I was playing a game with my friend and someone called my friend a "noob"  and said "ur so poor" just because he was wearing free items from the catalog.
Also the community can also be toxic sometimes.
For example, I was playing Arsenal and someone won the game, and he kept spamming in the chat "ez" and "ur all bad at this game".
But those sorts of games are NEVER put on the main page for easy access.
Sometimes people call each other noobs but that's just because they don't know what noob actually means.
SOMETIMES though, there are people known as 'exploiters' which can sometimes put bad stuff into games and give themselves advantages over others.
It's fine though because most things you download to exploit are viruses anyway.
So, people can sometimes swear and cheat the tags.
Sometimes they tag out “Nice to meet you!” But it will say “Nice to #### you!” Sometimes annoying.
The AdoptMe developers don't promote their game using advertisements.
Little kids might get scammed if they purchase a gamepass on a 3rd party Roblox game.
I recommend not playing AdoptMe as a little kid even though it's made for little kids.
The ROBLOX game itself is fun, but some parts are not suited for kids.
For example, there may be some guy trying to steal your account and cyber bullying has occurred.
Actually yesterday, I saw a bully.
I know Roblox reports really well and I’ll bet you one thing: they WILL NOT RESPOND TO MY REPORT!
I think roblox is a very good game, but some people on it might insult you and there have been a few cases in the past of hackers doing inappropriate things.
You just have to be mature enough to withstand if people call you names like “noob” or “idiot”
There in roblox are many players who can be kids or ACT as kids because of this adults who try and date you might trick you into giving them your name and address.
This is a very bad thing i keep emailing roblox to ban these dating games once and for all parents who read this make sure your children play games that are not violent nor for dating online and no drugs and smoking this is all i have to say.
Although it's quite family friendly and at times fun this game is bad REAL bad.
First its pay to win so badly its unplayable at times.
Its just one big cash grab with retarded advertisements.
Like even those sketchy advertisements you get on top 10 list websites or stuff like that are better then these weird advertisements.
Bots are also a problem promoting scams and malware  and at times even porngraphy.
They remove features for no reason like genres where you could sort games by stuff like (building,fps,horror,etc.)
Another bad thing about this game is you can't change your account when you are underage but the thing is WTF IS THIS A THING you can literally just create a new account 13+ BUT WHY even emailing them won't work litterally this is one of the worst things ever.
Roblox used to be this quite simple game with simple minigames, like Super Bomb Survival or Work at a pizza place, but those days are long gone,  now all you have on the surface are role playing games in which there are a lot of inappropriate behavior and sometimes even harassment, "Scary" games that are nothing but a clone of each other and simulators, which I don't find a real problem I just find them lacking originality, but this only applies to some.
Overall I would not recommend it in its current state due to the community and the state the creators currently have it in
I don't know what parents are talking about.
All of these problems that parents discuss can EASILY be avoided since none of the stuff parents mentioned in a negative behavior ever happened to me!
Certain games are violent, but that doesn't mean that the WHOLE website is bad.
I have played this game for over a year and here is what I feel about it
The game contains ALOT of horrible people in the chat those who argue in the chat which makes the game unenjoyable for a lot of people, Also many of those players are Hackers and salty people who will try there best to annoy you and argue with you in the chat because you won in any thing.
Also not all the games in this platform are great for kids a lot of them include inappropriate things and the community oh ya the thing that i hate the most about this game you won't find a server where no one argues with you calling people "Noobs" believe me its not enjoyable, games aren't fare and most of those "Million Games" they advertise are mostly trash the amount of good games are counted easily (Which are none honestly) I recommend you check Minecraft which is honestly an excellent game for all age
Don’t get angry at the website for people saying rude things, it’s natural and it’s called “An argument” :)
If you don't want your kid to play violent games, tell them if they do, they will get grounded.
#2- Drug usage/ smoking and/or vaping:
Drugs and anything related to smoking aren't allowed in ANY Roblox game, if they are added or even refrenced, the game goes "under reveiw" and may eventually get banned.
#3- Cyberbullying:
This has happened to me about 5 or 6 times on roblox, and I have been playing for 2 years.
Many other reviews say that, "my kid got bullied often like uhh every other day."
Nope, doesn't happen often,
Cyberbullying is often caused because let's say your kid won a game, Many other kids that have not been taught well call them a "noob" or tell them to "die" because of it.
I know telling someone to die is serious, but that's maybe at a 1 out of 1,000 rate of happening

#4- Sex:
Any games sex related get banned, Some games do not promote it, but have it happen, Don't report the game, report the player.
#5- Games to NEVER let your child play until they are a adult:
- Adopt and Raise games
- Scam games (titles like "FrEe RoBuX gEt NoW oFfIcAl")

#6- Games to restrict
- Cops and Robbers games, make sure they are always a cop, yes kids do play this at recess.
#7- Community in Roblox
The Roblox community is overall, good, but there are "trolls" and "ODs (they get banned quickly, OD stands for Online Dater)", so make sure that your child doesn't join them.
They try to make your kid trust them and then ask for personal info and such.
If a parent doesn't allow their kid to play roblox, they are basically saying "I DON'T WANT MY CHILD TO LEARN TO CODE"
There are other reviews saying things like "AND I SAW KIDS PRETENDING TO HAVE JOBS, I WOULD NEVER EVER LET MY CHILD HAVE A JOB EVER."
That review sounds odd...

(I'm not sure if it gives great messages but in my opinion it does)
There a lot of things saying that it is dangerous for kids but that’s only because kids parents don’t set rules.
There is a thing called ODing that roblox has a rule about but doesn’t enforce.
The moderation system has been an issue for a long time but there are certain games like Meepcity or Adopt A Kid and make a family games are sometimes breeding grounds for this.
Also there are free robux scams (robux is an in game currency) which make you type in your username and password.
Make sure that that doesn’t happen.
You can’t exchange pictures either.
Yeah, people swear, but I mean, it RARELY ever happens.
All those adults saying 18 pLuS are dumb.
Like really really dumb.
the problemes are: toxic kids, GREAT game but the isssues areteamers oders and hackers.
im 11 not nine i dont know why it says that.
Yet I learned after playing it for a while you needed a thing called Robux and it costs money so I got a 40$ one online because gamester was closed and there's no way im using my credit card on a video game but i bought the Robux put in the code and it didn't work so they basically scammed me then I thought it was just a glitch and bought it again and it still didn't work so they scammed 80$ off my account.
If I had enough money to sue them I would but I don't.
this game is just a giant cash grab DO NOT download it
well to me its about 91.87% kid friendly.some games like piggy and Camping is not friendly.So i suggest its for people ABOVE 7
-blushes-" now me at that time, one year ago, was 12 i didnt like online dating and even though i am BI i did not have any strange connections with female lego characters, so i told them i dont date and i was a girl, they all started saying "ew' so me and my cousin left.
Another problem is the sWeaRinGG.
seriously, roblox needs to fix this, me and my two other cousins were playing murder mystery, i was the murderer so after i kill somebody and the game ends, that same person said and i quote " die you go to hell ### #### ###"
i did not like anybody cursing at me, since i have a very low self esteem.
Also one time my BELOVED account got hacked, i told roblox yet they did NOTHING, N O T H I N G, NADA!
so don't go around saying it is inappropriate
i have played this game for a year and i am not a physopath
Roblox as of 2020 is a very well monitored game, rude and crude words are censored.
There is mild  gore, blood, very clearly fake and violence is present, depending on the game.
If you raised your child right, you should have no worries about them playing this game.
(as in if they would cyberbully kids)
Violence
There is tons of violence games, but when parents say the normal games when you die or kill yourself, ''Oh my gosh, that is so violent you get ripped apart!"
No, technically that isn't violence considering there is games that you cut your head off and blood pours out, as it's gore.
Online Daters
There can be old men trying to date young girls, or rather
old women trying to date young boys, as this is very dangerous to share personal information with these people.
Pricing
Parents complain about pricing, which that's when they get bad reviews.
Roblox has too much violence.
For parents I would not recomend games Like Murder Mystry 2 or PIGGY.
For those who think it's bad 
It's not yeah sure there may be bad stuff BUT HEY CHECK THIS OUT its a secret that apparently nobody knows it's called a report button so you see here you press it and find your reason so yeah 2.
How can ppl say bad stuff when there's "#######" yeah that's there too 4 .
The violence is not bad, you can use rockets/bombs/paintball guns/bouncy balls/sling shots/and many other things.
This is not bloody.
Sometimes there is blood on walls, but that's only at like a zombie game or something.
There is a 1 in a thousand change that you will find a game where someone cusses.
If you did something stupid people would call you a noob.
Although there are some bullies and there is guns you can turn on a feature that allows you to not talk or see message and does not let you play violent games.
parents, this game is safe for all the childrens and i saw some reviews saying that this game is evil like what is evil in a kids game other reviews  saying too much swearing, swearing its common but these parents dont understand that this is the internet everybody swears on internet and the chat tags block the swear words
Avid roblox player here, the news doesn't make ROBLOX out to what it is.
They say that roblox is a sexual game full of pedophiles, It's really not all that.
Actually, ROBLOX doesn't make these games.
If you don't want your "Oh so sweet precious child" exposed to gun games, turn on Restricted mode in settings.
This game does get you a lot of limitations on what you can get for a non-spending player.
Sorry for the rant, but parents really don't get everything that goes on in ROBLOX.
Some of the negative reviews are overexaggerated.
Even the people who do online date are just young kids roleplaying which causes no harm at all.
I know that there are some people with inappropriate avatars but Roblox prevents that by making you wear default clothing if your profile consists of one skin colour.
I also hear a lot of people saying that reporting doesn't work.
Roblox has a lot of players and they can't keep up with all their reports.
Also, the chat filter is so strict that you can't post street names, house addresses, phone numbers and other personal information.
There's a very low chance you will be a victim of a predator on Roblox.
There are some infamous free Robux scams that unfortunately exist on Roblox but Roblox can't do anything about it because there are so many bots that spam free-Robux that the moderators can't keep up with all the reports.
If a game asks for your password, it's a certain scam and you should report it.
I do have to admit that there are toxic players on roblox.
Aside from the negative factors of Roblox.
I personally advise that you teach your child about online safety before you let them play since there are many scammers or hackers trying to take adavantage of your child.
To the karens that think that games like "Jailbreak" are violent, its just for fun.
Some people can toxic you can either leave the game, or just put up with it.
(I really don't advise it though) And those "Adopt and Raise" games, its not actual dating, it's just kids roleplaying  just imagine a little kid saying "My wife, I met her on roblox" Thats stupid, that would probably almost never happen.
So, A blatant statement.
If your child did something stupid, IT WAS YOUR CHILD'S FAULT NOT ROBLOX'S 

So, overall, if you or your child stumbles on something bad, it was a it was not roblox's fault, roblox is a platform, most things are user generated.
So, That is my review I guess :/
I have to say Roblox isn't the best game.
My account was hacked and when I made a new one it was hacked too, 5 minutes later.
Roblox should start looking at the reports of bullying, scamming, etc.
If there is a game that you don't like your child playing i suggest not having them playing it instead of deleting the app all together.
A problem I have is that im addicted and I have quite a few low grades, which is all my fault.
So make sure you or your kids aren't to addicted to this game.
Not a lot of games (even most horror games) aren't that scary.
FPS(First Person Shooters): Not all of the FPS games are bad.
Arsenal is a shooter game that doesn't have blood.
Def not for a 5 year old.
Robux scams: There are games that "claim" to give you free Robux.
However, these are scams.
There are different types of scams, but the most popular type of scam goes like this:
A user enters an course with jumps (also called an obby).
DO NOT SHARE THOSE.
Your account will be hacked.
You will lose everything.
You may even get banned forever!
Online Daters (ODers): ODers, although have been less popular, is still a huge problem, especially if your dating someone you don't know.
Online Dating is against the Terms of Service (ToS) And you can possibly be BANNED!
If you see someone OD'ing, tell them the dangers like "it can possibly be an old man your dating" and "its against the rules to date online."
If they don't stop, just report them (people claim that they don't work, but it's the only thing to do).
Do I think Roblox is that bad, no.
All this stuff about people being traumatized from it is fake.
There is violence but no gore and the characters look like Lego people.
One problem though is that people will try to scam you however as long as your kids aren't stupid it should be fine.
Roblox is a game called roblox where you have fun and meeet people but thos people call you mean things!
:(((((((((
Roblox can be fun but sometimes ther are picturs of peeples with no clothes!!!!!!!!!!!!
DON'T PLAY THIS GAME CALLED MAD CITY!!!!
IT IS FILLED WITH PORN!!!
Yyou buy like 10000000000000000000 robux for 100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 quid this is not good  and then this coooool gamer called baloxbrog costs 999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 robuckers!!!!!!!!!!!!
that is what I call inflation!!!
DO NOT GET ROBLOX IT IS BAADDDDDDDDDD download discord cuz it better or even better for your asspiririrng two year old get CALL OF DUTY!!!
YAYAYA MURDER MURDER MUDER DON'T PLAY MAD CITY IT SHOULD BE CALLED PORN HUB INSTEAD!
The thing is, most children already know bad language these days so roblox is a little  problem.
The thing is these days parents are Way to overprotective.
ONLINE DATERS ARE RARE.
The violence is not even blood its blocks falling apart.
Bad language?
The prices are way overpriced and me being with you 10 you have the knowledge or predators and you already have an insight to inappropriate language.
I've heard lots also complaining about violence- but it's not even violence its just some "mini games".
There are a lot of games with some violence, like guns, but there is no blood.
The moderation is okay but not the best.
There are a lot of exploiters, but they get banned really fast.
Many parents think extremely bad of this game.
That's because they don't know how anything works.
Noob just means your new at the game, bad at it, or acting like a new person.
But Roblox’s moderation is still as always... trash.
But I really just brushed it off and left.
Roblox can not control the players, it’s an online game.
I think Roblox would not be safe for children under 9 because they would not understand that anyone they plays Roblox could be anyone or anything, not always someone you know.
I know a lot of games are violent, but you can set a filter than blocks a lot of games that are.
Inappropriate stuff is tagged, they can't say numbers.
Money stuff- I can see that Roblox designed their game where kids will BEG for robux.
I begged too (yikes).
But it can also be risky.
If your child hasn't been properly educated on the following things, you should turn off the chat feature in your parental controls.
If they don't know the dangers of things like online dating, trolling, exploiting, cyberbullying, and pedophiles (all against Roblox's ToS), then turn off the chat feature.
Roblox chat also has a filter system which (if you are under 13 years old) turns numbers, profanity, sexual content, and other inappropriate things into hashtags (###) so other players can't see.
(Also, if you made it this far, let me tell you: the reviews that say Roblox is filled with p*rn and profanity, it's NOT.
They probably just saw some dumb news story and didn't get the full information.
A lot of parents say this game is bad but it actually depends on what your kid is playing like for example I play adopt me, royal high, high school life dorm, etc.
You just need to keep a eye as to what your kid is playing it’s not roblox’s fault at all.
So, please stop accusing roblox as it is not a bad game.
In the library sometimes there may be inappropriate content sometimes (where someone has bypassed the roblox filter).However, it’s a rare occurrence and generally it’s quite hidden from being seen immediately as you would need to look in the library images and audios to find these and as a new player or a young child you wouldn’t be able to find the ‘library’ easily.
There is violence, however it is fantasy violence, it’s violence like the ‘violence’ in minecraft, mild and harmless.
Also they're scams that will hack your account, so never put in your password if you have spent money on the game, or you spent alot of time on the game.
But this game has people that can be mean.
This game could also have child predators (which is scary), so you should basically limit on what you play.
(Well also Minecraft) All the parent's who says it is bad are full of baloney.
Lots of parents have their horrible story of things that have happened to their kid, and I feel bad for them, these things are not supposed to happen.
I have played this game for years, since I was 7 years old, and I have seen few things bad happen.
The worst I've seen is bypassing the filter and swearing.
Then again, it can depend on what your playing, you tend to find these bad things in games less popular or lower quality roleplaying games.
Those games are for like teens, not kids.
Because if your child play those games on Roblox, they will end up killing people in real life when they grow up!
Make sure they become a police and not a criminal, because you parents don't want your child to grow up and become a criminal.
ok so i have a few issues, sometimes the filter is easily bypassed, and you can see nsfw usernames??
This game is boring and it should not exist
You can't say swear words and it has got learning games like lua learing, 
what the word, word bomb the killing looks like breaking your legos
Well, it gets boring quickly, and some people can really destroy the innocence of this game.
They somehow make inappropriate usernames, they pass the chat filters and instead of it being filtered, the bad language is shown, and ODers.
I really do not recommend it if you are looking for something to stick with for a while.
On   the other hand, some of it can be fun.. but it still mostly is boring.
Overall, I say it’s a C-.
To be honest, I think some of the parents spewing angry reveiws all over this site have no idea whan on earth they are talking about.
First of all, for the people calling roblox "violent" and "sexual".
I have seen somebody complaining about there being weapons and bombs.
First of all, compared to other popular game titles, I don't see Roblox being ANYWHERE near as near as violent as titles like GTA 5, Modern Warfare etc.
For gods sake, parents, this is a game where you play as a walking character made of BLOCKS.
What you parents call bombs are just plastic looking spheres that makes your or other players characters reset back to their starting point or "spawnpoint" if they get too close.
What you are calling "guns" are low resolution textured grey tubes that eject colourful brick shaped projectiles that have the same effect as the so-called "bombs".
And when your character is killed, it plays a cartoonish "oof" sound and your character literally just falls into pieces and dissapears.
Games that do include blood use small quantities of it and are just translucent red squares.
If you are worried about your kids playing on these specific games, then you might as well watch over them and not let them play them rather than leave them to it then later blame the game for "violence".
I mean, who's fault is it that you let YOUR OWN CHILD on a game they are new to unsupervised?
All harmful language typed is censored out and instead comes out as hashtags that replace the original word/phrase for example "shut up" would look like "#### ##".
I also do not see why people are accusing this game for apparent drugs and alcohol, as not ONCE have I ever seen a single instance of this.
Overall a safe game for kids like me, but if your child does ever get bullied, you can get them permanently banned from all games and website if you either tap/click on their username which you can find in the top-left corner (a list of all the players in the game you are playing) or they will get at minimum a temporary ban.
Id say a 13 year old would be fine on their own on this game, but id say you should monitor your child when they play roblox because there is a plenty of violent games on roblox.
Just set your child's account where they cant message random people and there would be no problem with bulling, i mean i know all the bad reviews are from 2011-2014 when the filters weren't strict.
There are a lot of reviews saying that roblox is "inappropriate" its really not if you don't want your child exposed to adult content here are some tips:

-Go to settings and turn on account restrictions 
- teach your child how to stay safe on the internet
-tell them not to believe anyone that says they'll give you robux (money in the game)
-monitor their activity
-when you create their account put their real birthday because roblox uses that to know what restrictions to put on their account
-tell them not 
OK there are sex games but they are hard to find because you gotta search up exactly probably join many games until you find one.
The chat filters can be bypassed, sometimes you cant say some stuff in a normal conversation because there chat filter is dumb but then someone bypasses it and swears.
I have an example se x bruh why is this not censored but numbers are??
Roblox is not that game you think children are being stalked and stuff if they are then they are stupid.
Most games on here are just bad.
They are low quality and just not fun.
You just don't do it in real life!
I think the bad community does kind of ruin Roblox.
It's full of loud and obnoxious children.
The bad language is something I don't get all the fear mongering over.
They're just words on a screen,  no need to be a Karen because someone said a word on the computer.
If your kid is moaning at you because someone called them 'noob', don't be an entitled parent and review bomb them, as this game has such quality to it that you're unjustly driving away.
Of course the community's not ideal.
If your kid gets bullied, just have them block said user(s), or better yet, just leave the server.
If your kid doesn't like one game, there's 50 million more.
If Roblox can seem greedy, remember, it's a company.
This is coming from a veteran of over eight years, not the clickbait you read in the news.
If they went missing, it's your fault for being irresponsible and entitled, like 90% of the reviews on this page.
No online game is perfect so being angry at roblox is to no use, Roblox does everything in there power to help but its not there job to babysit your kids.
Yes it CAN be violent !
*TIP FOR KIDS* if your playing a game and your bored of it or you are getting bullied or something like that SIMPLE LEAVE THAT GAME OR SERVER AND PLAY SOMETHING ELSE!
*TIPS FOR PARENTS * if you don’t agree with the things in Roblox SIMPLE TOO!
And if there is ever any inappropriate content it is usually banned quickly.
But there are also some community drama and just some games that are bad.
I think that roblox should start from the age of 12 because if a player wants to make a game then he could make it violence related.
It is an okay game, but there are a few things that are not too good...
First off, it's IMPOSSIBLE to buy anything in game without spending real money to purchase "Robux."
The chat filters are not very good, so people often curse or just do innapropriate stuff!
The animation is bad, games confusing, very laggy.
I've been playing roblox ever since 2017 and here;s what i've found: Some violent games such as Camping and Piggy may not be suitable for children under thirteen years of age.
Mild profanity, games like Rap Battles where people roast each other, and there are cyberbullies.
Like when this person came into dance off and started to bully us.
Some people think reporting does not work but it does, you report somebody, it gets viewed by a admin and they will review the chat.
If they reviewed the chat and it was true fifteen times, your account will be banned.
Minor criticism i think having limited amount of friends and removing the best friends feature is a not so great feature.
One of the problems in Roblox is the fact that there is hackers and people using numbers to swear.
Also ROBLOX mods will do anything to protect your child from not letting them see certain links to not letting them say numbers or bad works due to safe chat.
Roblox is a dangerous place.
There are plenty of scammers and exploiters out there who could potentially take your money and/or private information.
There are stories in the news like,"An 8-year-old daughter being raped in a Roblox game" or "9-year-old starts using third-party website because of Roblox."
To me, it just seems like irresponsible parenting and baseless complaints.
Roblox is a game, not a babysitter.
So overall, Roblox can be a scary place.
Never play these games any role play game, vibe games, and games that have “baby” in them.
There are people called scammers never trade anyone but trusted people.
Bullies are on Roblox to just walk away and report easy I recommend people over 9 can chat to strangers but always keep your information to yourself.
In trading, you can get scammed very easily if you aren't careful.
The graphics arent anything special but graphics doesnt matter with eighter its  a good or bad game.
I think its stupid when someone forgets  there password and they go complaining to Roblox even tho its there own fault.
If you dont want to get your account hacked than dont go to scam games ( wich there isnt many cuz Roblox is delleting them) nor go to scam websites that scam bots are promoting.
If someone is making fun of you and you dont like it than just block them so you wont see their mesagges.
But there can be some bad parts for you or your child.
Like there is people who can download hacks and put inappropriate stuff in the game.
And there is also hackers that can hack into your Childs account with often leads to tears.
If you say no if often leads to tears.
But if you say yes and let them use your credit/debit card then you might get lots of more spam calls and random text messages.
Roblox is a free to play game where you can have in-game purchases which I do not recommend unless your child has earned it.
If your child is developing unnatural behaviours or spending money without your approval OR their grades are dropping, try and have a chat with them, to try and encourage them to stop and tell them the dangers.
If they are being reckless, then you should limit their time because if you don’t let them play, they may be sad and be infuriated.
If your child has somehow hacked your account and is spending money, stop them, contact the bank, and get a more secure password.
If your child is sneaking and playing games secretly and you don’t want them to, use parental controls to disable access to the game.
This game may seem horrible, but is actually just mildly hard parkour, and can teach you patience.
That’s the end!
Y'all are stupid.
Innapropriate games?
Just stop your kid from playing them.
Don't give your child unlimited access to your credit card, this isn't Fortnite.
Violence is in the game, and can be found in most of the games, but this is just part of most video games unfortunately.
If you don't like it go play Bob the Builder with your child or maybe just stop being a strict parent.
It's also important to note that accounts do get hacked and scammed often, that's also something that can't be avoided.
There is some violence, bad games, but it's not roblox's fault.
If you have a problem with that, i recommend you tell your child while making an account, that they should put that they are under 13, since it filters other considered "mean" words like: stupid, ugly, dumb etc..
If you don't want your child to see that, tell them to make their account under 13.
Talking about it, the website responses are terrible and always have a downtime, a website that runs on 20$ a month can do better than a billion dollar company.
Although there are many good games on ROBLOX and you could learn something from it, through my experience over the past 5 years, I find it terrible for users in general and myself, I hope this review help you reconsider on letting your child play the games there and keeping them safe from all unsafe content.
8 year olds are accually smart enough to not fall for free robux scams.
language you can say hell just hell and damn.
Parents usually use thier thinking only.If they play first game and that game is bad they will think roblox is bad.
I know thier are some bully.I think if someone bully you and say you are noob you just prove to him that you were not a noob .Parent use thier thinking as a main.I think roblox is simmilar to youtube.
youtube have some bad thing such as, naked people and many other thing.
My uncle not let me play first person shooter game because he think in the future I will be criminal and shoot other people.
I think its dumb.
Roblox is a game that was released in 2006, it came 3 years before Minecraft, if your kids say it is like Minecraft, then their idiots, anyways on to the review!
There are Online Daters (also known as ODers), condo games (witch 99.9% of them are gross sex games) and bypassed assets, lucky, the moderation bots will delete them after like 30 minutes or something.
There are also free robux games, most of them are obbies, but they don't give free robux, they try to trick you into handing over your account.
I don't know, but I sure know how greedy the people at Roblox HQ are.
However there is a necessary evil at play, kid's want to be free and after 9 PM moderators get off their shifts... so-called "condo games" go up filled with horny little boys who start raping each other, these games also remove the filter allowing everybody to say anything.
This is an extreme example thought, its a necessary evil, without it it'd be another boring kids game that looks like its trying to hard to not confuse a 2 year old.
If that's not worth it I don't know what is.
Most kids don't even know this evil exists.
There is rarely any violence and the graphics are cartoonish.
You can also block players who you think are bad.
People think that there is tons of NFSW, and violence, but not really.
If these are found, you can report people to roblox, and they will most likely be banned.
Gladly it didnt work but maybe kids that are 6 might think everyone is friendly on the internet.
So this game might have some people who bypass the filter, Online date, scam, etc.
Just be safe
Also dont expect a massive company with not even 1000 employes "at time of writing" to deal with the 64 million monthly players perfectly
There are "bot" or accounts managed by robots that simply copy-paste a message onto the private chat feature and hope that you click.
This is not true.
In my experience, it's almost TOO well monitored.
You were unable to say numbers until a recent update, you are unable to say bad words, even those with modified spellings and the worst thing a player can do is say ,"NOOB!"
or "GET A LIFE!
YOU'RE TRASH!
GO CRY TO YOUR MOMMY!"
If you don't like those sort of things, then disable the chat feature.
alrighty, i've read these other reviews and i don't think you should believe all of it.
you don't realize that you aren't the ones who are playing, just seeing what a few kids do.
a few kids don't equal the entire community!
you need to understand that the roblox moderation team are not your kid's parents.
if you don't want them playing, don't let them play.
if they don't get the point give them a good talk about it until they understand how to not give out personal info.
i also think you need to realize that most kids around 8-11 years old are going to be impressionable and try and 'date' other kids.
not every person they talk to is a pedophile.
not everyone they talk to is going to hurt them.
you need to lighten up and get off your kids back.
it was stupid and i learned my lesson, but it's not going to not happen.
for the whole cursing thing, there's an insane chat moderation system that tags pretty much everything.
no numbers, no swears, no potentially offensive words.
with the entire sex games thing, you can't blame the roblox team/owners for this.
it's not them making the games, it's people who don't have their priorities in the right place.
it's unfortunate that this is on the site and that some of the games aren't taken down, but cmon.
there's billions of games and players, and accidentally letting a game slide through moderation isn't on purpose, so yall gotta chill.
don't expect roblox to parent your kid and make them not play a game.
unfortunately, i see where the too much consumerism takes part.
it's a game, and if there's violence in some games that your kids who can't see that violence, impose restrictions on them.
not the developers of the game or the roblox moderation team.
when I started playing this game I wasted my free time.
it was a 2 month period of doing nothing worth doing.
also i got hacked TWICE.
I    spent all my money on this game .
it costs 25 dollars for a DRESS that is not even real.
it is a waste of time, money, and education.
i played and my grades fell from straight A's  to D's
Being called a noob is not like the end of the world.
If your child is being called a noob, make sure they just ignore them, or leave the game.
If there are inappropriate behavior in the game your child is playing, just make sure your child gets off, because mods will take care of it shortly.
If your child is being bullied they can report the player that is bullying them and leave the game for a while.
hm.. roblox wanting you to buy robux is no issue, how the hell else do they make money?
i didnt give this game a three-star for nothing.
the moderation  system is garbage.
they can’t even censor out the word jigglyboobs.
reports dont do a single thing, and roblox hardly gives a crap about exploiters/hackers.
and yet they ban or warn people about the most petty things like uploading memes or clothing that is supposedly ‘inappropriate’, when it isnt in the slighest.
scamming is just something you’re either going to be sane enough to avoid or be stupid enough to fall for.
inappropriate games that involve things like sex is not that much of an issue - roblox takes down those games fairly quickly.
online dating is just.. whatever.
its just roleplaying.
Do NOT ALLOW YOUR KIDS to play those two games.
I've been learning new things every day on this website that I would never be able to learn in school.
Some reviews are bad and they say that there are child predators out there but there aren't it is just an fun playground for kids.
I don’t know why people say it is 18+ becuase the chat filter is so strong you can barley say anything and everything you post has to be viewed by a moderator before it is posted.
The only problem I think is that there are scammers And exploiters on roblox but besides them I would give this a 5 star rating and is appropriate for kids 7 or over
The game itself is built like it was meant to be played by anyone, but the lack of moderation means a lot of pedos, people bypassing the swear filters, exploiters in games, exploiters using 18+ scripts, blood and gore games, I'd say 13+ because that seems to be the age of users who are on it a lot.
You are also greeted by other users from 2009-2015 who go around and bully other users using terms like "noob" and swearing.
There is a lot of stuff that involves guns, but its not in a seriously bad way.
On the game there are some bad users who will break into your account or attack your IP Address.
There are some bad apples in the bunch, but you can ignore them.
But other parents think this game has drugs and violent stuff, which is not all true.
There’s violent stuff in the game but not like exploding head with brain all over the place.
This game because if you said something that is weird it will get tagged.
People also say that this game is expensive which isn’t true, the game is free but has IAP(in app purchase)  And if your kids see a bully in the game and they bully them then tell them to block or ignore the bullies or you can just tell them to report the bullies
And report other inappropriate stuff that is against roblox rules.
DONT BLAME THE GAME ABOUT EVERYTHING
If a player is breaking the rules or terms of service you can report and block them.
Blocking players prevents you from seeing their messages and stops them from sending friend requests to you.
As well as prison and murder games like Murder Mystery 2 and Jailbreak.
DO NOT TRUST NEGATIVE REVIEWS.
Many reviews here accuse Roblox of containing inappropriate games and violent content.
THIS IS NOT TRUE.
Most of these reviews are slander.
Dont say that "Its like GTA 5".
The only annoying thing about this game is cafe groups like “Fizze” “Bakiez” and “Blendease” it’s basically a cafe but where people (kids) work their virtually and they act all professional and it’s rlly annoying.
They also can ban ppl for like no reason at all which sucks!
Another thing is that bad language gets censored and will come up as hashtags, so there is little to no bad language in Roblox.
If you don’t want to chat with other players then there is a feature that makes it so you can’t.
The game ends when the murderer kills everyone, the murderer leaves the game, or the sheriff/hero shoots the murderer (again, the shooting is not graphic, the murderer just falls to the ground with no blood, just a gunshot sound effect).
If you fail to hack, the beast will see where you are.
When you die (such as falling or getting killed in the game) or reset, you either get a screen with the border line briefly glowing red (meaning you died) or your body parts such as limbs, heads, arms , legs get dismembered and fall apart like a toy (not graphic).
Teens 13 and up are more exposed to more violent games.
You can never be sure of this, because some games can still be violent without Roblox knowing that it is.
Both age ranges have  profane language blocked as hashtags (#), but, again, you can never be sure of that.
This is a little bit inaccurate, due to the ESRB only reviewing some samples of the games selected.
And I normally see popular games like MM2/3 JailBreak, and MadCity and these games will contain things such as Violence,  3Rd Degree murder and a lot more things.
The game i'd would not play is Adopt me, Adopt And Raise A Cute Baby Those games contain this: Sex, Nudity, Foul language, and Online dating wich is violating roblox terms of use and privacy policy on rule 8 it says: As a social platform for play, Roblox tries to provide a safe place to meet on-line friends, play, chat, and collaborate on creative projects.
However, this is not the place to look for dating partners.
And normally reporting will NOT do anything UNLESS the player is going into Roblox's files I personally think this is a good game but some children can be a little "annoying" or they can call you bad names.
Those categories i put are very small...before y'all start attacking me.
Except the ones that cost robux...sorry guys.
IF you kids see swearing, sexual content, people saying they smoke or something, or begging for robux, just tell them to get off.
Get off the game and play something else.
That one person is wasting your time.
If someone is calling you fat, ugly, ECT, just say, "ok" don't even fight back.
Not worth your time.
Some people in some games swear and do sexual stuff.
I say report them and leave the server.
And all games want you to pay money, i say its kind of annoying.
but you only get that if you click on something that obviously looks like it would need robux.
if u friend request, prob wont accept.
There are a lot of parents on the commonsensemedia website that don't like Roblox.
But, you shouldn't listen to them!
If your kid is playing bad things, you should talk with your child.
If he still plays bad games, he should visit the church or a psychologist.
But yelling and getting mad at your child shouldn't be an option!
-If you don't trust your child, you should not look at the reviews!
That's not true!
-A lot of people are complaining about consumerism.
-VIDEO GAMES CAN'T CAUSE VIOLENCE!
There are a lot of parents that think that video games cause violence.
BUT VIDEO GAMES CAN NOT CAUSE VIOLENCE!
The internet is not only predators and bad images...
Stop being that overprotective!
I have no idea where you guys are getting some of these stuff from.
First, let's talk swearing.
The roblox filter is so strict that swearing is pretty much impossible.
There aren't popups saying "Buy robux or we will kill your dog."
Of course, if your kid gets ahold of your credit card, then that's a problem.
But that's kind of on you at that point.
There are games like Arsenal and Phantom Forces which i think only tweens and teens should play.
Sorry for making this review so long i just wanted to give my opinion out.
And they have grass so don't go into them Becuase grass is scary
And becuase people can fly around and Bully you
And i want trobux but whenever i go into a robux group thye ban me 
:(
And becuase you cna online date in Paradise Life
And Becuase Peole bypass the filter
Im never playing roblox again becuase i never see any You.tubers becuase you get robux for seeing them and i want robux
I want robux
I want Robux please i just need alot of robux to impress my girlfriend in Paradise life
Please
I need to buy m
But always someone is there to screw things up for everyone.
The report barely does anything due to you know, roblox having 1 billion users and its hard to keep up with all these reports, but none of my reports have worked.
The drama is just too much man sometimes.
And by the way, the parents who make these 1 star reviews are just lazy moms who have only seen the bad side of roblox.
The chat filter can suck, but its hard to swear.
Roblox has been a game for kids from 2004 and I think parents should literally wise up.
It's hard to control over 1 billion users and just yeah.
Good game, but some problems.
I am not going to address the sex issue.
It's not roblox's fault.
And the violence, well that depends.
Thats also sadly one of the cons.
Sure, some people will be jerks and try to hack your account or take advantage of little kids, but you'll find that everywhere.
The violent ganes arent the developers faults, its the people who made them.
Theres bad users I every game, you cant deny it.
However, people will make fun of kids because they dont have Robux, the currency of Roblox.
Wasting money on digital cosmetics doesn't mske you cool.
It makes you poor and stupid.
So the only way to find one is either being associated with people who make those kind of games or you decided to join your friend and they were playing an inappropriate game so its not very likely that your child will find a game like it.And if you dont want your child playing this thats fine but its really not that bad there is a lot of fun games on there and even the ones that have guns like phantom forces
Stop going on about how roblox isn’t safe.
You can’t even say numbers, say the word noob, say password, etc.
Also stop making fake children accounts rambling on about how roblox has nudity.
One fake account said that they were threatened to be killed, get told they would be stabbed and shot.
Lies.
That's the part you need to be careful: your kids may find some really violent or unsuitable-for-kids games.
It's not the best but not the worst videogame.
Your child will get bullied, blackmailed and annoyed on purpose.
Loads of inapporiate games and usernames on there.
Roblox take no notice of any reports, frankly I don't think they care.
I was called 'a stupid spoiled brat' and an 'idiot' countless times for minding my own business.
Roblox needs to sort themselves out and stop claiming to be a 'family friendly game.'
It's a complete joke and they all put in plenty of in app purchases for your children to get so well done Roblox.
I TRYIED TO PLAY ADOPT ME AND SOME HACKER XSTOLE MY MEPOM PETS UGHHHHHH

SOMEONE CALLED ME A NOOB AND I CRIED IGHGFDP

THEY CALLED ,ME  NOOB EVEN AFTER I STOLE MOMMYS CREDIT CARD TO GET 9754659 ROBUX

FORTNITE IS BETTER LOL
It's not a good game, it's pay to win and it's boring.
All of the good stuff is for robux, and that sucks.
I do not recommend this game.
And you can't delete your account, and there are a lot of hackers.
Just do NOT play this.
It's NOT crative, and there are games that are NOT GOOD.
You pay for boost that players without Robux can't get.
The chat is often violent.
There's a lot of scammers, that can take your Robux, items or even hack your account.
Plus, the game your child plays is probably some crap someone made up in an hour, and stuffed it with in-game purchases.
I do not recommend you let your child play this game.
Roblox is a multi-platform game, so there will be a lot of games, and inside those game there will be some bad games, but... Is it Roblox's Fault?
You'd have to do so much thing, and the result you'd get tired doing it, and the result won't actually be perfect!
And about Cyberbullying, online dating, and bypassing, remember, it's not like everything is perfect, in a whole community there will always be at least ONE BAD PERSON, just think, do you have a bad habit?
And for the last thing, Violence on Roblox.
It's just like Lego, it's just like a Lego body falling apart!
I hope parents before Throwing out a hate message, please take what I wrote into your consideration.
Is ROBLOX that bad?
Also if your kid is hacked, it's your fault not Roblox's
It does have hackers but Roblox will ban them.
Roblox also tags out weird words like address.
It doesn't let you say numbers and more.. You also can't this word "password".
There are more scammers but mostly kids just play their games.
So I think, Roblox can be a fun game and all but there are some drawbacks:

1) Consumerism
This happens a lot in the game when people who have a cool game pass or cosmetics go around showing off too kids who don't have them.
It can suck kids in, and they never get out.
His mom even had to pay me to help him with the addiction.
I tried but nothing worked.
2) Bots and Phishers
Okay now and then I see these accounts but Roblox has really cracked down and got rid of them.
Sometimes they can be scary or have too much violence.
However, a lego dying is not violent.
Also if you say there not aloud to play and they get on it;  whip their ass!
It has some swearing in the hat but its not the games fault,  people know how to get past the filter.
The game has some inappropriate stuff in the game ROBLOX, theres this one game called *send_cons* They get deleted really quick in like 10 minutes, For kids, the platform is safe, Like.
Numbers are blocked due people keep giving phone numbers which is bad.
So, roblox deletes any numbers, bad words, and many more.
No need to be rude to your child if something weird/bad happens.
My friend got banned for saying "go away man", but literally 50% of people ares super toxic to other players and call people shit, fuck, and crap.
Why ban for saying "go away man" instead of being banned for saying swears, once you become toxic like them, there is no turning back, also there is a lot of people who think they are better then anyone, they say stuff like, OMG U SO FUKING SHIT HAHA NOOOOOOOB!!!!!!
LOL I'M BETTER THAN U, TRASH and OMG L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L  L L L L L , it always happens E V E R Y W H E R E, even if you die from someone in the game, everyone would call u mean names, they mainly target nice people and people who are new to roblox, so yeah, only play this is you can handle the stuff I said above.
I would give the violence 4/5 because most of the violence isn't gory but in some games blood can splatter on the screen.
Sometimes very inappropriate
Aside from the few inappropriate games you could find, there was an issue of bullying.
Some players would call other players "noobs" or "bacon hair" just because they didn't have the in game currency called "Robux".
That is really fake!
they will delete your account on ROBLOX
The violence isn’t like in real life and more cartoon-y.
The blood is really just red plastic circles and most ‘violent games’ don’t even hold them.
If you see anything weird like a hacker or troll you can use report abuse.
If the person, game or group doesn’t get banned, it’s either they didn’t see your report (they only have 70-100 admins) or, they did get banned temporarily.
If somebody has said something that is inappropriate or offensive or hurt your feelings, most of the time it will be moderated and if it isn't, you can report them.
If somebody made a game that is inappropriate or offensive, you can report that game, too.
And for parents who say it's "inappropiate" I can agree, but at the same time it's the internet.
They have other things to do as well...And, if you don't like what you see on roblox, then just LOG OUT.
Oh yeah, and about the swearing thing, it's not just roblox.
But if you're still uncomfortable with it, you could always just close the chat or LOG OUT AND SHUT THE LAPTOP.
Even If Some Idiot Creates Something Bad (Which Never Happens) Roblox Will Block It and replace the name and description with “[Content Deleted]” and replace the map with a starter place.
And, If someone tries to swear, it will be replaced with hashtags.
Parents think of the game as "dangerous".
They don't understand the platform is community driven.
Chats can be pretty toxic at times, but if you find the right community, you are pretty much safe until trolls and bad people find their way in.
I’m tired of parents saying “Roblox” is a game full of innapropriate stuff , it’s really annoying.
The parents think roblox is just a game full of violence.
Also, if they’re child sees them online dating , they would just report on them and leave or never play that game again ( Roblox has multiple games in it) SEE, it’s simple to ignore that stuff.
When I view the parents reviews on roblox , they say they’re child’s account was hacked and showed the email .
Mostly when parents get a email from roblox thinking that they’re child got hacked , They would just tell them to quit .
Also , most parents say no whenever kids asked them for robux .
It’s cause they think roblox is scamming for money which means they don’t even understand They can have robux or don’t need robux it’s not a scam.
They don’t understand what’s the difference betweeen they play .
Finally, the blood on roblox is not real , when you stab in this game called Murder Mystery 2 , it doesn’t show blood .
Omg , it’s so annoying when the parents when they like shoot or stab in the game , they’re just gonna tell you to quit cause they think it shows blood.Also, have fun with your child playing roblox I say you should play cause it’s the best.
Now I haven't played this game a lot (only when I was younger) but there are still inappropriate and horrid games.
I'm not sure why people do this but they do and there are lots of it.
This shouldn't exist but it does, you just have to deal with it.
Luckily games like these can be avoided.
A big problem with Roblox however, is the usage of ads.
And there are an unbelievable amount of ads.
Some are even poorly made sponsorships or nonsensical images.
You can purchase cosmetics, subscriptions, access to certain games (good games), and more
The problem with this is that items are often over priced to a ridiculous amount.
Some people decide to hack the game (happens quite to often) for Robux, trolling, griefing, and scaring other players.
The game is extremely unpolished as well, with updates practically every week just for bug fixes.
In the mood of committing crimes?
There are it's problems.
You should teach your child the importance of money so they do not go and hit "Buy 10,000 Robux" (the in-game currency) there are also many scams like put your password here and get FREE ROBUX so teach your child to not fall for these.
Yes, there's exploiters that do scripts that are inappropriate and erping.
Yes there's free roux scams.
There are issues with the moderation though.
Everyone is going to be exposed to unclean things in life anyways sadly.
However they allow these two words Hell, and Damn.
Any other words will be bleeped out.
Just make sure your child isnt a dumbass like most of the adults here and your free to go, just let them do whatever you want, your a bad parent
If you have worries about the game just monitor your child, ROBLOX usually never has cuss words, it’s just that one edgy 13 year old thinking they’re funny.
Just never go to a cafe game, lots of trolls and swearing, they bypass the chat filter, if you’re wondering, ROBUX is the currency for ROBLOX and it can be a bit expensive, but I understand that how the company makes a profit.
It is geared towards children, and innapropriate content is constantly removed and very quickly at that.
), and numbers are censored as well.
If you see something you don't like, you can report it, block, and/or mute the person making them silent in games.
People can't swear or say bad words.
Those words are replaced with ##### to censor it.
But if your child just ignores you, I don't suggest this game.
PS: This game was even banned in the U.A.E because of nasty stuff, look it up on Wikipedia.
SERIOUSLY you parents think it's 18+ what the heck it's literally for any age 4+ AND I DONT CARE WHAT YOU PARENTS SAY my lil bro plays it all the time with me and I'm straight As and he's A quality it doesn't effect us in any way INFACT it makes us better and I literally just read something a parent said and it disgusted me they said "And I saw my kid drinking something called 'water' is that some kind of beer or something?"
LIKE IM JUST DISCUSTED BY THEYRE STUPIDITY AND THEY EVEN WENT FURTHER TO SAY: "what is this game doing to my kid its making them dumb" I think that's just genes you idiot now the worst part was this "MY KID IS ACTUALLY SOCILIZING WITH PEOPLE IM GONNA TAKE THIS OFF THEM FOR GOOD" I'm just discusted 

Anyway ROBLOX is an amazing game there is no blood and if there is it's hardly anything and the death animation is just LEGO men falling apart minecraft's is worse you literally turn red and fall on the ground 

Like, LOADS of them.
It has many genres so there is horror games as well as some crime references
The fact that you play with other online platers can be a little bit bad because it could lead to cyber-bullying
i think it should be 13 cause some of the games on there are brudel like saw trial clarity and some people that are in that game say very bad words in the chat
Don't listen to these parents who think roblox is equivalent to the dark web.
There are some in-app purchases, but if your kids buy them without your permission, you can contact roblox and they will ban them.
Talking of moderation, I'd rate it quite poor since the team barely accepts reports and they don't bother about scam bots etc.
Plus, they did things most people disliked.
Well, how would you tolerate people being forced to wear something that looks ugly?!
It was THAT bad.
I feel like roblox gets a lot of negative attention in the media, and may I mention, all of the negative attention it gets is false.
So let me break down all of the negative stereotypes about roblox:

1 - Violence
Violence is not a problem on roblox.
Most games have little to no violence (the ones that have a little bit aren't even that bad, it's literally just lego people hitting each other with unrealistic weapons.
Now, there are some games that do have violence, like Arsenal, Phantom Forces, and other shooter games.
Doesn't every website in existence have pedos?
And no, I'm not being dismissive towards pedophilia, but come on, it's not even a huge problem on roblox, it's only when kids go to off-site websites, such as Discord.
The chat won't let you cuss or say words that they haven't put on their list, it"s pretty annoying when i'm trying to say something and its just scratching out what i'm saying because i misspelled a word.
Hackers, i have never seen a hacker in years, and i've tried to hack a few times, but ive never gotten it to work: they just do such a good job patching all of it.
Nothing bad but there may be blood in some games and your child might see someone in the chat say hell or gay but you can REPORT them if there being mean!
And if your kids being bullied all the time then just change the AGE settings so your kids in bubble chat and words like hell and gay are blocked off!
That still doesn't mean it's bad.
They have censored chat so you cannot curse.
There are some bad games like "CNP Hangout".
There are also a  lot of edgy people but you can just turn off chat.
Most of the games are relationship-oriented, making the game less fun for kids.
Lots of ODing, and the games are bland at times.
The YouTubers that make videos off ROBLOX (Such as InquisitorMaster) do lots of ODing, and are a very bad influence.
They usually buy lots of Robux, customize their characters with expensive accessories, scream, play violent games, and often talk about relationships.
There ARE guns but I don't think that apply to Violence well, I mean yes it is killing someone but it is not that bad there is not blood and realistic deaths or anything, so I think it's pretty good.
One downside is that if your child wants their avatar to "Look Gangster" , you have to splash out real money for it's in-game currency.
So, my top favorite game is Roblox, and it’s 12+, so, I was kinda disappointed about that.
Many complaints are about scamming and hacking, and yeah.
Violence is a problem BUT NOT INTENSE AT ALL!
Violence has swords, guns, NO BLOOD, and when avatars die, they fall apart.
ROBLOX CARES MORE ABOUT MONEY THAN THEY CARE ABOUT YOU.
My Roblox account recently got hacked, and the hacker uploaded inappropriate pictures to it (decals) so I got banned and the Customer Service COULDN'T give a damn.
Don't waste money on this game because your account may get hacked, Roblox Customer Service will just copy and paste a message saying "oh sorry lol it's all your fault and not our problem lol", and you're literally stuck with nothing.
All Roblox wants is the money and doesn't care about their users.
Also, there's this dumb currency called Robux, it's way too expensive, and you can only buy it from them.
Roblox, as someone else said, is very greedy, and as a company that has over 3 million dollars, they don't need Robux anymore, but now they're charging more than ever for Robux.
It's really unfair how people with poorer families can do less than those who have more money to waste on Robux.
If you buy Robux and they ban you for no valid reason (kind of like what they did with me), they're basically stealing your money and that can be considered theft.
Well, basically what I'm saying is, DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME WITH ROBLOX, YOU'LL PROBABLY GET HACKED, THE CUSTOMER CARE WILL BLAME IT ALL ON YOU, AND YOU LOSE EVERYTHING.
There are many immature people who are willing to test your child's nerves just for views on Youtube or plain fun.
Tell them that fighting back will NEVER help a situation online.
I also want to warn you that people may become bullied because they are a 'noob'.
So I started to play roblox in 2016, when the ice arms and legs were a trend (still is), I got "bullied" for being a "noob" because I had no robux.
People can be inappropriate but you can block them by going to their profil.
Just stay away from the roplaying games.
There are hackers in the games, but they are just some kids that were dropped as a baby.
I hope I dont have to get back on here a give it a lower rating.
There are some games that are good, meh, and a disgrace to this "child friendly game" and i'm talking about those.
Some games have you have big breasts or stuff, or a dude who kills other dudes with a knife or a machine gun.
And a game with police brutality called "Jailbreak".
Or, you can be a Peppa Pig with a knife or baseball bat literally knocking people out.
So if your kid wants to be a weirdo or a murderer.
Don't let them play this
However, roblox cracks down on these people that are posting unwanted content.
These games were the lead point of the bad people on roblox, where roblox e-sex would happen, and people just using bad words left and right.
They will usually get deleted within 15-30 minutes of release.
I said early, there is a "Dark side" of roblox.
I've seen many things in the dark side of roblox, mainly due to errors in the roblox automatic moderation system.
If kids find something like a pornographic image, it is most likely a hacker, or a decal that the creators use special tactics to make it where roblox cannot see what is the bypass of the filter in it.
The only way your kid is going to get exposed to pornographic content on roblox, is if they were searching for it, or if a hacker had done that.
I would recommend not giving your kid robux, and if you do make them do something to earn it.
Lots of robux for nothing, can cause your kid to get addicted to spending on roblox, and they will bug you for money.
If you say that, 'there is to much cursing on roblox!'
that cannot really mean much, because all kids are going to get exposed to swear words at one point in their life (5th grade and up mostly.)
so you shouldn't worry  about them learning about curse words on roblox.
It’s is not the developer’s fault that your kid saw something 18+.
In fact, it’s YOUR fault for not monitoring what your kids do and see.
If One Of Your Children Gets Bullied On Roblox, They Can Just Click On Their Username n The Player List And Press "Report".
Oh, And To You Karen Out There Reading This, Curse Words Get Censored, And Innapropriate Games Or Usernames Get Banned In Under Like, 30 Minutes.
ODers (Online Daters) Get Easily Blocked, Banned, Or Reported.
Although There Is Games Like "Jailbreak" Or "Arsenal" Just Dont Let Your Kids Play Them And DONT Yeet Their Laptop Out The Window.
if your family thinks falling apart Lego bricks is violent then you might as well stop playing all video games because I bet Mario is to violent for your kid too.
all the bad reviews were either made when Roblox was a small game with little moderation or fake lying comments.
all the games and chats are moderated and you can not send pictures through them, swearing is not allowed and gets censored.
there is no blood and you just fall apart into a bunch of pieces and if thats to scary for your kid then boohoo NOBODY CARES.
btw I have no idea why my reviews go to the parent section.
I've read enough "bad" reviews about this game.
Some say that it should be banned because their 6-8 year old kid was being exposed to stuff.
They are the ones that bought a preteen game for a little kid.
Meep city has been hacked 3 times (Of my knowing) and they should get better security.
disgusting game,so m8uch swearing,bullying and violence yeah kids should play it

(gta5,cod or csgo is even safer)
And I feel like the restrictions are terrible because once I went into a game and I was playing it and there was a grey screen and then it just started saying curse words in the intro.
There were also some killer games that I really don’t like because they make me really uncomfortable.
The killers have really scary faces and you have to survive.
There are also really frightening songs in the background.
There are people who choose to do nasty things on this game like, drawing anime p•rn or making s•x games.
So, In my honest opinion you need to explain to your children what these things are.
I'd like to say in advance that I didn't rate this a full 6 because there are some mean users and some bad games that may portray violence or some inappropriate acts.
I think the reason most parents are rating this game badly is because their children are misinforming them, or not passing information through clearly.
If you're child is being treated poorly in-game, please remember that this is the internet and you can block users.
It also makes it much more difficult for hackers to try and hack your child's account.
Before I go any farther, I would like to tell you that the in-game reporting system gets far too many fake reports and so has stopped working a few years ago.
A lot of games have disabled chat, and the chat also automatically turns swear words such as f*ck, sh*t or b*tch into hashtags.
This may lead to confusion or your kids getting upset, but always remember you can join a new server or block the mean user in question.
If you don't want this to happen, you can disable it in the Settings menu or prevent your child from adding or accepting friends in the first place.
And reading the reviews, I've noticed that a lot of parents have said "Roblox is teaching my kid bad things, such as drinking or improper math".
Teach them common sense before you let them play.
Inform them that even though your avatar may smoke or drink and even kill in some games, it is NEVER okay to do in real life.
This is why I say set a time limit, or else this may be the first stepping stone to addiction.
Even you parents will know this, because it happens every day.
If we don't have a device to play on, we can't do anything.
Hide it or something.
Video games dont cause violence and people fighting in the chat are often dumb 10 year olds.
Roblox terminates oder accounts not all people on roblox are online daters and i have barely come across any.
Most people are nice and helpful and i really dont believe you found stuff like this so stop fucking lying.
also noob is a joke not something to try to be mean, get over it.
This is where my disagreement with this game starts.
ROBLOX does cost a lot of money to actually purchase perks like character decorations and whatnot.
Although this game may seem cartoony and nice, I am a kid myself, and the amount of online dating and bad stuff happening in this game that it makes me want to quit and find another addictive game.
Meepcity is the target for seductive communication and several kidnapping including old pedophiles and young kids that play the game.
A lot of people are targets of pedophiles and this is wrong.
What did a game for kids ever do to deserve this?
Also, the usernames on this game CAN, not always, CAN be dirty.
This game is really disappointing because of these reasons I have listed.
This leaves this review with 13+ players and it is disappointing.
Yes these actually exist, and they are disgusting.
Some players on roblox are very dirty minded and vulgar while others are intellects, there are many different robloxians.
Roblox did inspire me to program and I will always thank roblox but it wasted a lot of my time which I will never get back.
some games get hacked sometimes and sometime the hackers put porn but it is deleted straight away.
i should also tell you that free robux is fake and can get your acc hacked.
i play this game all the time (like literally all the time) and parents saying stuff like "my daughter was sent porn" no there is no way on roblox you can "send" images, only decals you can get

EDIT: i played a game that had boys and girls with their umm privates out i reported it and the next day it was gone

EDIT 2:  please stop saying what happened with your kid i have a stomach ache from this gross stuff that these parents are saying.
maybe i am wrong or i just have a mind that is thinking something else....
Stop overreacting lol.
Fortnite has more Violence/Sex etc.
But if SOME games have blood & violence, it doesn’t mean that the game is inappropriate.
It is always great to check on your kids that they are not doing anything bad, but if they play a game with something not for kids (Blood or violence) it doesn’t mean that you need to lock down the game for your kids.
I know cyberbullying is a bad thing, do you parents know that there is a option to make the chat not visible.
Someone hacked my account and now won’t let me go back in it had lots of robust and more special things to me and now that person who hacked it deleted my account and I want roblox to login into it and find the bug so I can change my password?,thank you I’m begging you
There are many parents complaining that their child was attacked by child predators, but even though this is a terrible thing that has happened to your kid and I'm sorry about that, you need to understand that Roblox's employees are very busy and the team is very small.
They have only 400 employees and a bunch of bots, so it is hard.
Some updates were really good ideas, some updates made players angry although it needed to be done (especially tix removal) and some were straight-up bad.
This might sound toxic, but this doesn't happen all the time, so don't worry.
People can bully each other and bypass the filters sometimes but what you should do is just report then and ignore them so Roblox moderators or bots can investigate it.
Many people say Roblox is not kid friendly, but like I said, they have some flaws and are not a perfect company.
but as a player myself, i see a lot of bullying which could be offending to younger kids.
I also see a lot of bad languages that have to do with sex and everything.
Also, I play a game where you could put your own music (murder mystery 2) and some people have a bypass to listen to audios that are HIGHLY inappropriate.
The audios talk about porn, sexual things, and just funny jokes using a lot of bad language.
But it’s definitely not for younger kids especially before the age of at least 14.
The problem is that there's pedos, exploiters, violent games (murder, robbing banks, scary games, etc.)
The problems that I've had that when I didn't know about scams, I said my password to a random guy and put my password in a free robux game and a year later my account almost got hacked.
To all parents who think that games whit guns on Roblox are bad then think.
there is no blood only limbs falling of and a OOF sound.
but idont recomend kids under 8 playing games whit violence.
she said that i cant play games whit guns here.
STIL IF HER FUCKING KID WAS 11 LIKE ME THEN.
SO stop giving your 11yr child math games that ask you what is 3+4.
If there is something wrong say “Uh oh, there’s something about your settings that isn’t right, I need to change this.” *change it* and basically just act fun and don’t make a big deal unless they are addicted to bad stuff or making bad stuff or talking to strangers.
Honestly, I don't think Roblox is too inappropriate for kids anyways.
When I first started playing I was really bad at typing.
Also, if you think Roblox is too violent or inappropriate, it's actually not that inappropriate.
For one, if someone is swearing at you or something like that, you can click [Block User] under there names, which stops them from speaking to you.
For people that think the report systems don't work, they actually do.
Once someone tried to scam me in this game called adopt me, which didn't bother me since I reported them and they got banned later.
It's great, But Parents think its innapropiate, Well, It kinda is, our community is a bit wrong, but if you see your child on that game, just remove them from that game they are playing and report whoever created that innapropiate game, or even on people's usernames, there are some games called "Condo" That is kinda a ODER (Online Dater) Game, It has lots of swearing, so i wouldnt recommend your kid playing these, this is all i have about what i think about roblox, But, I 100% Recommend your kid playing rob
Just because your kid saw bad things its not roblox fault its the players fault i been on since 2008 and as a player i say roblox is the best game ever and people who report this as bad is just a stupid karen remember its not roblox fault its the player fault and roblox will ban the user
it seems like it's for all ages to me but the parents reviews are way worse.
;-;
I started playing this when i was 4 but later on i found it a bit innapropriate.
People find a way to cuss on roblox even if its prohibited and there are some violent games like "Jailbreak" and "survivor" but in survivor its's a game show just some of the challenges might be disturbing for young children and there is more but the only educational thing is Roblox Studio where you create your own game.
I’ve NEVER EVER felt as if Roblox was un safe.
All of these reviews saying that it has sexual content and etc is just a lie roblox insures that every kid is safe and deleats anything bad within a time.
Don’t worry about getting your child robux the first time they join because it’s unhealthy and I’ll explain why.
Some games have mild violence, but that's really it.
MY LITTE TIM PLYA THIS GAM AND HE DID THE BAD HE SOHT SOOME ONE IN TTHE GAEM VIOLENT I SAIDY AND HISS FRENDS VAPE PROBOLDY CUZ OOF VIDO GAM LIKE DIS TANT THEM AND WES ALL NOW THAT VAPE LEDS TO SEX CUZ POEPLE FIND IT ATRACTIVE.
Roblox has Moderators the take care of reports so you don't have to worry about your kid getting bullied.
However there is a problem called "online dating" these people stay in the game "Life in paradise" and try to get in a virtual relatonship And judging by the behavior and spelling ALmost ALL of them are young children, although you CAN buy robux if you don't want to you dont have to because every year roblox hosts events which you earn FREE items and have to spend no money.
To all you dumb soccer moms: ROBLOX is a game platform where people make their games for others to play, if any messages or games are inappropriate they are reported and taken down.
Any swears are filtered and I’ve only had one experience with a bad person and they were only using insults such as “you poop” ROBLOX is like youtube for video games but with a basic formatting, and censoring.
Although there are some great things to it, there are some bad.
If you don't turn off your chat settings there can be some weird stuff.
So, I've seen slot of adults complain about Roblox so I'm gonna respond to ever major common point with a solution

1: "It promotes bullying."
Ok first of your child has probably dealt with a bully in real life before, so just because your child is behind a screen doesn't mean they're safe from bullying, heck it's even more frequent on the internet because people have a shield behind them, but it's also a whole lot easier to avoid them.
Look you should educate a child about cyberbullying first before even letting them do anything on the internet, and second Roblox has multiple features to deal with bullying such as: 1.
If you're child is in a toxic environment leave the environment just click the 3 lines on the top left of the screen and then click leave server.
Report the user.
Ok admittedly the report feature isn't the best but if your child wants to report a user to admins for severe bullying, send a report.
"There is too much swearing and it isn't censored enough."
3: "The clothing is too revealing"
Is this really that big of a deal, most of roblox's clothing is made by the community so I find it a bit unfair to blame it entirely on Roblox, most of this clothing cost robux anyway so u will have to spend real life money anyways to even get them, the most revealing free item is a minor crop top and if you're uncomfortable with your child wearing this clothing in Roblox tell them not to.
4: "To much sex and NSFW"
This is a flaw with user generated content, they will always be that one creep who makes those weird kind of things, however these
 games NEVER make it to the front page and Roblox is very strict on that kind of stuff and quick to ban these games so it's virtually impossible to find them unless your are specifically searching for one.
5: "Too much consumerism"
But it doesn't even force you to buy Robux (Roblox's digital currency) and the moderators of Roblox need to get paid somehow, same with game developers on Roblox.
If your child somehow managed to spend some of your money than maybe your credit/debit card was added to the device most probably by you in the past and you forgot to remove it or to set it to require a password.
7: "My child is too addicted/My child's grades are lowering.
"Too much violence."
Yes some Roblox games contain violence but if you don't want them to play those games tell them not to and maybe give them a punishment if they do.
Bee Swarm Simulator: A game where you have a swarm of bees and make honey, the most violent thing is that the bees will attack hostile animals that try to hurt you.
Well Roblox is a game for all ages and All ages means guns and swords and death are a thing
And some of the parents I see here Are dumb.
There is THE PARENTAL CONTROLS YKNOW like The Bad games Problem Well turn on the setting that only shows your child Certified games And About the Inappropriate Games Those can only be found by searching for them it’s some of your child’s fault to.
Also About the PHOTOS AND CHATS AND VIDEOS THING YOUR CHILD IS CHOOSING TO CLICK THOSE LINKS YOUR NOT TEACHING THEM INTERNET SAFETY.
And of course the filter NO FILTER IS PERFECT.
And some of these reviews are rigged they are real parents posing as kids, plus someone mentioned sonic unleashed as Roblox being worse UHH two hole different games buddy.
Roblox is a game for kids and adults alike.Yes some people might do things that are inappropriate on roblox but these thing are quickly removed and are hard to find so if one pops up it’s your kid not roblox and mean people are banned quickly.
Also most of the inappropriate things in the chats happen in discord or other 3rd party chat apps so the thing you should get mad at is the 3rd party apps but you can make so they can’t make a discord account.
Edit: hackers in roblox are not hackers they are people who make free robuck games or videos on YouTube that will ask for your password and say that the will give you lots of robucks.
To make sure they don’t get your account don’t tell your kid the password to there account or sit down with them and talk with them about this so they won’t fall for this scams.
roblox can get rid of the game and will quickly but they can get rid of the videos on YouTube because YouTube won’t let them.
Also block offsite apps like YouTube, discord,Skype,Facebook,Twitter and other social media’s so predators can lure them off the site.
You roblox character can be edited but people say that people will bully you for having a “poor” avatar to solve this there are 3 options 1 turn off the chat 2 look and find a cool looking hat or clothing that are free 3 buy hats and/or clothing.
please just shut the fuck up its not roblox job to babysit your fucking kid on the internet.
Also some games I think should be banned like ever since pets were added to Adopt Me it’s been really easy to scam in that game.
And other games have way too advance of an avatar editor like Adopt And Raise basically in adopt and raise is an adoption game with an advance avatar editor people can use the editor to move hats around and what’s extremely common is sexual behavior like Breastfeeding and it makes me uncomfortable basically what players do to attract babies is make their Breasts look bigger and it’s nasty so I think Adopt And Raise should be banned a tip for parents is to
Keep kids away from online dating and sketchy people
ROBLOX Is NOT that inappropriate as you think, especially you, parents.
If you don't want your kids to be friending random strangers in ROBLOX, then check their friends list everyday and tell them that it is bad to talk to strangers because [state your reason].
I think families are really over reacting on how Roblox works.
Roblox isn't a terrible game that will get an angry man with a baseball bat at your house.
Players may get annoyed by it mainly because it's SOO protective.
If you don't like Roblox, or think it's just too addictive or whatever, then just uninstall it and change the password.
You can't delete your account because of course, you wouldn't want your child accidentally deleting their account and losing all of their limiteds, would you?
Reports are sometimes read, you just don't know that because you don't get alerted when the player you reported is banned.
If you don't like something you see, you can always contact roblox support.
So please, don't leave ratings saying how bad and pornographic Roblox is, because truly, it's just a game.
Your kids are going to witness curse words, aswell as pornographic images when they grow up anyways.
Your account can be hacked pretty easily if you don't have a secure password, or if you enter your account password in scam games, commonly titled as "FREE ROBUX" (The currency for this game).
There are also scam bots that run amok and spam links to scam sites in the chat, but the frequency of their numbers depend on the type of game you are playing.
If your account gets hacked, it is likely it will be turned into a scam bot, so make sure to set a secure password for yourself or your child.
I have also seen parents post reviews about Roblox having "pornographic content" on it, but it is mainly their own fault that they were careless and just let their own kid wander around freely in a place where you interact with strangers.
First of all, sure, there are bullies.
There are bullies on pretty much any platform, and in real life as well.
If anyone's hurting feelings, be grateful that report/block buttons exist in Roblox.
As long as there are people, there will always be iffy content.
Third, Roblox is not a cesspool of vulgar games.
Don't believe me?
Do you really think something called "Bubblegum Simulator" or "Work at a Pizza Place" could be disturbing?
The games you see on the front page are often not the best.
Sure, violent games exist, but if you don't want your child to venture into a game where your character can "die" by falling off part of an obstacle course, why not just watch them play 24/7?
Plus, I doubt they were even saying something even close to sexual.
Robux has hype, but it's not needed.
Ok for all of those boomers who hate Roblox It is not a bad game!
When they start getting bad grades don't blame the game blame yourself I'm working at Mcdonalds right near my apartment.
It could be a bug or glitch to the game.
Seeing avatars naked doesn't mean they could be predators all the time.
Or you might see censored out words in the chat.
Their not saying bad words its just that "Roblox" doesn't want anyone talking dirty in some code language so thats why if you set your account under 13 it censors numbers mispelled words and etc.., So I'm just saying to us kids just to not play those "Roleplaying" games.
In one game you can slowly rip off someone's head.
Also there is swearing in games and in chats.
Many people talk about hackers and scammers like they are the most dangerous thing on the planet when with proper safety measures they can be easily avoided.
You should never ever listen to them, just report them.
Also if your account has been hacked it could be a long and painful process to get it back.
Roblox is not appropriate for young kids(Under 10), and they can pay money for ROBUX (currency to buy cloth items).
They also can see the chat, which some bad words can be leaked through.
They also can follow scams for free ROBUX and other items, which leads to hackers hacking them.
Also, they are not mature enough to use privacy settings, and act responsibly.
PLEASE do not let your children under the age of 10 onto this gaming platform.
It ruens it for older kids knowing that you are playing with a 6 year old.
Which makes older kids dislike that platform, because Roblox has to censer numbers out of the chat, because little kids could give out phone numbers, and addresses.
DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT LET CHILDREN UNDER TEN GO ON ROBLOX!
It ruins it for other older kids!
First of all there are people saying "I need a girl/guy" or F*** you, Bit* or something like that.
Also if you are sensitive I do not recommend those games and battle games.
But not all people/games are bad.
In conclusion, ROBLOX is still that "family friendly" game most of us grew up with, just littered with online daters, scam bots, child predators, etc.
Please remember to NEVER share personal information with ANYONE online, people lie a lot more than your child/you think, so please DO NOT share personal info.
But Their is 1 Reason Why some Kids of Roblox Are bad, GIVE ME ROBUX UHDWADSGZ GIVE ME ROBUX....
It is too annoying.
It does give me a feeling that all of you guys think that this very calm game has Online dating which  is true and the moderation system is very garbage and Offensive language but I see it as nothing I could turn off the chat and go with my life.
I can go with a crap ton more but don't EVER say that it is over 18+ this (10+) is the right age.
Roblox could care less about reviews so don't even take the time to report a player.
You might have heard the story about the girl who was "raped" on roblox and her character was "forced" to do these things.
If roblox has a hard time finding these games, think of how hard it would be for an 8 year old.
However, there is a ton of trolling,  fake sex, strip clubs (on meep city), and bullying.
There is almost 0 percent chance of your kid getting involved in relationships online.
The only real threat is if your child is taken off ROBLOX and onto a private chat server, but this almost never happens and is not the fault of the game.
Many of the stories you may see on this and other sites are overly dramatic.
sure there are blood/violence but limbs can not tear apart due to it being legos.
some of the games can have guns and only they have blood.
remember parents stop blaming a game for content it dosent make and teach your kids internet safety and dont listen to other people that this game has drugs, swearing etc.
innapropriate game instantly gets deleted and the user gets permanently banned
Roblox is good and all, but dont bother checking the games page.
The games page is full of online dating games and barely any good action games.
I don't understand why so many 18+ reviews exist.
Anybody who tries to curse, do anything inappropriate, etc, will probably get a warning, banned for a week, a month, or if they continue, deleted.
The games themselves aren't bad, but the kids who play them may try to do something... unsavory and against the rules.
Also, it's simply impossible for ROBLOX to scam you by using your credit card, because it sends an email to owner of said credit card to make sure that it's THEM using it.
Stop lying for attention.
There are slightly bloody games like Phantom Forces, so you should try to check in on your child every so often to be 100% sure your kid is following the rules.
VIOLENCE: 3/5, some games have blood, horror, but if you check in on your kid you can easily avoid it.
INAPPROPRIATE STUFF: 1/5, some 'Online Daters' may try to do something bad via chat, but the avatars themselves don't do any animations involving that stuff.
LANGUAGE: Not present: There is no language able to be found in this platform.
You can type in words like 'hell' in its literal form and now, for some reason, 'bada--' but I'm sure ROBLOX will fix that.
When you try to type in a swear in chat, it puts in # to censor it.
You will be banned if you swear.
DRUGS: Not present: ROBLOX will put in #'s if you mention drugs and kick you from the game.
I hope you listen to me and not those liars pretending they 'met up with a stranger on ROBLOX and that stranger tried to kill me!'
Listen I’m going to say this and it might not be nice but somebody had to say it, it is not roblox's job to babysit your child; you have to teach your child proper internet safety rules before they start to use the internet.
Just because you’re too incompetent to teach you child internet safety rules doesn’t mean you can pin the blame on roblox.
If there are any other ways that inappropriate stuff manages to get through the roblox moderation system, report it roblox really cracks down on this kinda stuff.
And if you give roblox a bad review for being addictive, that’s every game, once again it’s the incompetent parents blaming roblox for their child to get addicted; you should be able to teach your child to play video games with moderation and not go all out.
Most of these reviews are just, quite frankly, stupid parents who don’t understand that they are mostly to blame for the problem.
There could be a couple of standout cases but most of these 1-2 star reviews are just plain BS.
“BaD pROgrAMmiNG” honestly bruh.
The only things that are concerning is:
Robux - The currency used in this game costs a lot of money, so be aware of what your child is buying.
18+ Content - Unless your child searched for it, ther eis no way they can get a hang of it.
There are problems that amass though, some problems are games that don’t have benefits, games like Phantom Forces, Arsenal, are great fun, I agree but promote gun violence, which honestly is becoming a prevalent theme in games nowadays, another problem is the constant promotions, discreet advertising, and the pay-to-win factor, game passes are individual passes that people get when bought with in-game currency, but the beneficiary side of things are way too imbalanced, to the point where you need to buy tha
And advertising, a extremity and should be taken seriously when content creators are literally being used to get people to visit their own game, sure, games create an exceptional group of adverts but in general, it’s fake friend requests of roblox YouTubers, baiting people from faking reviews of content creators.
Also, princess games already exist, you don’t need to identify yourself as a furry princess to be popular, or play games that are generally popular so you can get that same status as well, by far the worst popular games to ever exist are possibly MeepCity, Adopt Me, and Royale High because of the insincere concepts of adoption, basic acts of harassment, and sheer population of sexual predators, and sexual acts in general.
(Note:this is a very long review)
this is for parents and kids parents if your worried about this game teaching your kids bad habbits it wont the chat is family freindily for example with safechat which is turned on with every user if someone say the word sh*t it will show up as #### its the same way with any other bad word too also mean words like stupid dumb and idiot are banned too tbh roblox recomends a kid is at least 13 years old before making an account and that any person younger should get permissi
If your kid is new to in internet and an idiot on it, they shouldn't play this game.
JUST IF IT SAYS IT'S FOR KIDS DOESN'T MEAN PREDATORS AREN'T ON IT.
It IS an online game and Roblox does SO well at keeping it safe for kids but nothing is perfect, people hate on Roblox for things that aren't their fault, it's the users.
Don't listen to any reviews that say its bad!
There is barely any affective in person moderation from roblox, most of the moderation that is done is by automated systems from roblox and people who have scripted administrative permmisions to be given to the moderator/admin on their game/s.
Also, parents incorrectly set up their childs account.
Such as: not enableing parental controls, and typing in a birth date that will make roblox think your child who is not 13+ appear to roblox as if they are 13+ (biggest mistake) I do recommend teaching children to avoid cyber bullys at all cost and to report it using roblox's report system, or requesting a "artificial" admin/mod.
The 1'st place is the starter place "(username)'s place"
Also people think roblox is terrible in all ways.
Their premium is now just a show off and doesnt do much.
It is greedy devs who make games only to make money.
I have been ripped off with a "artifical" administrative gamepass wich gave me underprivledged "artificial" moderator with troll commands
Sexually related stuff is not allowed.
Non cartoonic violence is not allowed.
ROBLOX do notncreate these games, and these games crank out too fast to be manually checked meaning the only tests ran are the filter.
Any games relating to sexual, individual harrasment, racism, ETC.
Must be reported to roblox for review and potentially taken down

Trollers:

These people on roblox are mostly people who spend a lot of money on roblox to buy the "artificial" admin/mod some people do not support this and make it so you haved to earn it.
Trollers are people who organize raids, yell around inside of roleplay games (games where you act like your in a book kinda) ruining everyones lives by using permmisions they have (is the case for youtubers)  and they just normally ruin your play style.
They are the biggest problem on roleplay games wich usually have 1 artificial mod per server.
I do recommend setting up your childs account according to what you think their maturity level is and do teach them about cyber bullys as school doesnt do a good job.
some people just let some rotten apples  give their main opinion and not seeing the good.
And if someone is being rude just block them.
You don't need to buy robux because egg hunt 2020 might come and there are some creator challenges if someone bypasses the chat filter then report them roblox will not tell you if they punished the player.
Roblox does not own the games!
Make sure to verify you're e-mail and enable 2-step verification, Never trust any links telling you to "Generate robux" these are scam websites, If you're child is under 13 make sure their account is under 13 they block bad words anyway!
This game has an absolutly awfull community
there are soooo many hackers and scammers and
exploiters and there are these viruses where all of 
your game conten will be renamed InFECteD and people will
steal you acounts alao roblogs censores basicly 
all words.
If thats not bad enough than what if i tell you this
ROBLOX IS THERE TO LURE KIDS INTO BUYING ROBUX
AND PREMIUM MEMBERSHIPS.
Some games are bloody shooters, like Phantom forces, which is basically ROBLOX Call Of Duty.
alot of the other reviews talk about problems happening because of hacking but seriously, its hacking, its not roblox's fault.
you can have hacking on learning sites like duolingo and come up with the same result.
its perfectly fin for your kids but if your extremely scared about inappropriate images from hackers, refrain from games like prison life who can't update as much and stay to games that get updated often( e.x.
and if you think your child learned swearing from this, no, your wrong, it was more likely from schools since if you think that roblox's filter is worse then the schools, then you would be wrong, there is swearing in the halls everyday when there's no adult and in fact, drugs are done in the bathroom and other hidden places so please, rethink about roblox.
and for you adults, WELCOME TO THE INTERNET this happens, everywhere, even YouTube "kids" is worse
People say that their kid got harassed on Roblox but that's really uncommon I've been playing for years and it's been fine but even if it did happen it's not that big of a deal like just leave the game it's not that hard but if your kid can not handle being called a noob then maybe your kid is not mature enough to play any online games
Sometimes though, very inappropriate things may be shown or weird people who online date but it is complained about too much because this is an online game and this is not Roblox’s fault, if you are worried that it may not be safe you shouldn’t be letting younger children use the internet at all.
I do agree with the people that think ROBLOX is a bad influence on younger people.
I also do think people are too harsh.
Yes, some people may think there is violence and inappropriate content, but not everybody on the game comes across it.
I don’t blame the moderators either.
They have to keep up with so much like updating the game and banning players and just improving the games flaws.
I do believe that some people expose themselves to content that may not be suitable for them.
It is not totally ROBLOX’s fault for all the inappropriate games.
It’s one of the best games and i love it, but the community is, um bad.
There are too many ODERS and scammers.
I think trolling is ok but just don’t do it too much, and too badly.
A lot of people find ways to pass through the filter and say swear words.
And why are numbers tagged!?
And robux is too expensive.
Just teach your kids to not go to games called "strip club" its that easy.
and stop saying its violent and the moderators do nothing.
and stop saying the community sucks the community sucks on everything online.
i saw a review saying it leaked his parents credit card and charged him 4.99 a month.
roblox did not leak your dads credit card.
you wont get hacked on roblox if your not stupid.
just dont give away password on scam sites like blox.gg dont listen to the scam bots.
just dont be dumb.
roblox is not there to babysit your kid.
I don't mind Roblox, but admittedly, I'm not as active as I was when I was 11.
There are several main points to consider when deciding if this Roblox is 'appropriate for kids'........

~Cussing/Bullying/Personal Info~

People seem to love tp criticize Roblox for this.
You should just educate them on how to stay safe BEFORE giving them Internet access.
As far as cussing and bullying goes, it happens.
Just either ignore it or report the offenders.
If you think something doesn't belong on Roblox, simply REPORT and leave it at that.
~Scamming/Spamming~

Scammers have sadly made a rise on the Roblox platform.
Simply ignore them, report them, or, in the case that others believe the bots, inform them that they can't get anything from the scam bots.
If they don't believe you, telling them that their Roblox account could get hacked should scare them out of it!
To deal with spammers, just ignore them, leave the game, don't rely on the chat box in the corner to read conversations, and simply report them.
~"Faulty Report System"~

Just because someone you reported doesn't get banned, doesn't mean that Roblox mods just completely ignored you.
With over 100 million players active each month, 1B+ registered users, and, I would assume, thousands of reports each day, it would be hard for mods to handle every single person who has ever been reported.
Be patient and just accept the fact that if nothing gets done to punish the play you reported, you won't likely ever see them again anyways.
Another accusation people have made about the Roblox report system is that most mods are bots.
~Greedy/ODers~

"Wow, how dare Roblox use money gathered from Robux, Premium, and other transactions to keep the site running for players to continue to enjoy!
I mean, without Roblox, who else will we all criticize for making even the smallest decision?
Roblox is a large company that needs profit just like everyone else.
As far as ODers (Online Daters) go, 90% of the time it's just innocent roleplaying.
However, it can be dangerous.
Honestly doesn't belong on Roblox.
Going on there even once proves how much time people spend on Roblox.
It's ok the gameplay and graphics are normal The community needs to be fixed a little bit, people just swears like : F* is Fug S* is Shid yeah if you saw someone swears REPORT them there's swearing option in the report system also the filterjng system is broken sometimes if your age is
First of all, you need to really understand what this game is.
There are numerous bots and real people moderating the content uploaded.
This currency is also the main reason there are scams.
These include bots leading to various links, "hack tools" and other type of scams.
Swearing is highly prohibited for everyone.
This is prohibited and should be reported to Roblox, wich is easy with a click of a button.
To parents: Beware for some games that have inappropriate stuff in them.
Tell your children to avoid games like "Cons_sent" or "Condez".
Also avoid the games like Adopt and raise a cute kid or Blox Paradise.
Beware of the Pedophiles in games.
I have seen Pedophiles once in a while.
Once, I saw a Pedophile in bed with a child.
The Pedophile said his age was 32.
The Pedophile even asked the child to meet up in real life.
But this is not okay.
I walked in to their bedroom and stopped the Pedophile.
After several days, his account was deleted.
Those games might teach your child to do violent stuff.
Tell your children to avoid those games as well.
Just please tell your child not to online date or do bad stuff on Roblox.
Because there are online daters, Scammers, Swearing (If they can bypass the filter), etc.
If you or your child see one of the thing that i listed, Don't report it because reporting it won't do anything.
It’s very good if someone is being mean to you just report them.
DON'T GIVE YOUR KID YOUR CREDIT CARD NUMBER
If you DO and they spend 200$ thats your fault for giving them it in the first place.
If they do steal your credit card you can get it figured out with the bank and you are to discipline them, and tell them thats credit card theft which is a felony which can earn them 15 years in prison.
You are to make sure your kid follows the roblox TOS, such as, NO ONLINE DATING, which is severely dangerous, cause you don't know who the person is behind the screen.
If you catch them doing it, tell them not to do it and discipline them because it can get them into trouble.
If your child or you see a place that says "Free Robux" Its a scam, don't fall for it, its like real life, no such thing as free money.
But discord on the other hand, Pedophiles, scammers, etc are more common, Pedophiles are most common against females, and scams are not fun, make sure they follow their TOS's and you should be good.
And make sure they don't try by passing the filter to say curse words.
But parents do be advised that there are a few violent games, so i you have a kid 6 or younger, dont let them play the violent games
then why don't you stop feeding your child a pack of lies that guns and violence are the worst things in the universe and stop shielding them from the real bad things in the world?
Shielding them doesn't make anything better.
The internet is full of bad things, I know, but it also can teach you basically anything in the world.
Why don't you sit your kid down and teach them about internet safety, instead of just blocking them from it all together and allow them to explore their passion?
ROBLOX does have bad people on servers.
There's always going to be a weirdo who thinks it's funny to swear at people, but those are probably all entitled kids and crotch goblins anyways.
ROBLOX also has a chat filtering system to filter out any bad things said in chat.
These online daters may be trying to take your child's information.
Many exploiters join them.
Many times exploiters bypass the automatic chat filter using exploits.
I have heard racial and homophobic slurs.
The reporting feature is not the best, it needs major improvement.
Once someone told me to die, they told me I was a waste of oxygen.
I reported the user and no action was taken against their account.
This game contains weak violence and fantasy violence I think this game is designed for teens not little kids because most of the little kids online date and do stupid things AND PLEASE If you're gonna let your kid play this educate him well don't make him flex on other people and try to be cool bcs if he does I'll knock on your door and give you a ticket and please if your kid is so stupid please don't let him play because then he would be OD please check what your kid is doing on this game if hes/she 14- 
okay, first of all I want to say that way too many parent on here are over reacting.
Roblox does have some games that involve violence with guns but the covers and titles of the game clearly show the contents of the game so it’s your kids fault for clicking it.
Plus in these games all that happens is ur little LEGO characters limbs falls off and make the well known oOf sound.
In roblox games if a person tries to swear or say anything inappropriate it immediately blocks it with hashtags.
Even though people try to replace certain letters with others it still blocks it, half the time it blocks out things that aren’t even inappropriate.
Also there have been online daters but most the time they don’t do anything and reveal the fact it’s a PRANK.
You are not allowed to put numbers either or spell numbers to prevent kids giving away any personal information.
Stop overreacting
For all the boomers out there reading the other reviews and assuming roblox is some sort of prostitution game, you're wrong.
Roblox has an extremely strict filter which doesn't even allow under 13 players to say numbers.
Do not follow the parent reviews
people think that if people can create their own games, that instantly means it has to be inappropriate and gory.
then there's people saying that their kids got sent pictures and that people said swear words to them.
but roblox censors almost all words and even numbers.
You also can't send pictures, so I have no idea why they're doing this.
The only problems I have about the game are that things can cost more than a hundred dollars, so don't let your kid see your credit card while they're playing roblox.
Do not play this, roblox has really violent games for example Phantom Forces has guns (Plus,roblox also has nukes,knives killing bombs and other dangerous weapons, also robux (I feel like roblox just scams people into handing over their money (and whenever you buy something it is a waste of money) there is also swearing,hate language and bullying.
I absolutely do not recomend this to anybody
Also if you are not comfortable with your child making online friends then don’t get Roblox.
As for things like swear words Roblox makes anything like that ##### you can’t even type numbers.
Also don’t go to any websites claiming to give free robux that could compromise your account.
I'm tired of seeing all the Karens and kids trying to make it sound bad because of certain aspects that are being monitored.
Even though roblox tags out bad words or sexual phrases people still curse for example by doing this you b** .
I have had to report a lot of people for being very inappropriate to people pretended to have sex.
Even though they tag out the full bad word or sexual phrase people still find a way to be inappropriate.
This app could even teach your kids bad words they did not know about.
Things to look out for:Scam sites promoting free robux are false and will take the information you give and steal your account.Another thing to look out for is bullies and child predators,luckily,they are very rare and are usually taken down by the moderators.
They are a bussiness.
Roblox has a censoring system too strict, so swearing or really anything harmful can't actually get through unless they bypass the filter, which the patch constantly.
Nowdays, violence on Roblox really doesn't go pass.
Sure, there is dying, but kids mature enough to play this can handle some death.
The moderation system is, well, slacked, but it usually doesnt pass the first-time moderation.
But please understand, you are being a bit harsh on a game that is trying its best:

There are many posts about the admins and game in itself having bad moderation and disregard for rule breaking.
I too have encountered ODers (Online Daters), creepy players, or even hackers But it is best to just report and avoid the game where these acts were witnessed.
Roblox does regulate received reports; I was once playing a game called Dungeon Quest where a player scammed me off a legendary item which I had worked hours to obtain.
I later found out that his account had been removed from the game... permanently, it turns out that he had been reported for such acts multiple other times.
The point is that Roblox cannot delete a player just based off one clumsy report.
There are certain factors that could have been variables in that player's actions, and if that player does commit such acts often then Roblox does take action.
About those supposed "Six Games" on Roblox, it is best to just avoid them and report them to the moderators as much as possible, I personally will never visit one as long as I live.
I do not recommend banning the game in your household unless you have directly witnessed indecent behavior.
Lastly, Roblox is not the only game to have violence and problems with "crafty players".
Minecraft has similar problems with catfishes or creepy players, and this game will at the very least try to give the parents control over certain aspects of interaction.
Well I played it for 3 years but it's sence 2017 teens a adults play it and it has bad words and some blood in some games some times for kids but not one time they said in chat #### and I learned it and some roleplay inappropriately parents warning
This game is awful.
The chat is awful and some of the games, here are some examples.
The community/chatting: The community is not family friendly.
A lot of people make fun of others by calling them mean names and there is a lot of cussing.
Yes Roblox bleeps most of it out some people find a way to do it.
A lot of horrible things can happen through that.
The games: Some of the games can be violent, unclean or innapropiate.
Roblox isn't about making games it is about playing them so there isnt any learning going on in this game.
BE CAREFUL the privacy on here is awful.
Trust me the games are fun but the app is awful and people are extremely mean.
Don't get itm
Children are in no danger of leaking out personal information as it gets blocked by the chat filter (if they have under 13 mode enabled) I've seen some reviews talk about the ads that lure children into other sites, that is simply not true.
Sometimes scam bots in comments or groups contain links in them, so inform your child/others not to click or enter ANY information in these sites.
GRATE STUFF NOT FOR KIDS
I AM the quarter past guardian and I heard from parents that this game was NOT for kids.
My hot sempai is pregnant with my child and I swear to god if the baby is born to the sight of actual violence in this game, NO MORE CHANCES FOR THIS GAME!!!!!!
Other parents say there are too much violence or child predators.
But the truth is, these occurrences are very rare and the violence is nothing to kids.
But you should watch them for scammers and other things.
But be aware for lots of scams!
You don't want your money wasted!
It is a very, very edicting game.
Sord fights, brickbattles, and some, not hardcore rp games are 7+, just some violence.
Shooter games 8+, more violence but not alot.
HARDCORE RP GAMES 18+ has people dating NOT FOR KIDS.
ya all roblox haters need some slack.
you hate roblox because of swear words and other stuff well WELCOME TO THE INTERNET!
also idot haters.
if you hate roblox because of inapproprite things or some swear words people try to bypass.
THEN YOU WILL HATE THE INTERNET AND ALL OTHER ONLINE GAME.
But users can use abbreviations like lmao or mf but if you set your child's account to under 13 then they won't see this stuff.
If your character "dies" they just break into pieces like a lego character.
But if this isn't family friendly enough for you then I don't know what is.
But if an inappropriate game slips in it will get deleted quickly.
You won't even find these games unless your child purposely finds them.
Hackers could hack the game and do inappropriate stuff but their accounts get terminated and sometimes Roblox will prevent those people from making any more accounts

Overall, if your child has common sense and isnt gullible enough to fall for scammers telling them to go to websites for "free robux" and knows about online safety then they will have a great experience.
Watch out for bullies being mean to your child and if they ever do bother them, they can leave the game and join another server with different people.
However, some games can get violent.
Theres exploiters (Roblox cant do anything about it since their moderation team is small), There are online daters and i think nothing more (ROBLOX is taking action of the online daters).
Some games can be enjoyable, but the problem is ROBUX.
Many games require robux for gamepasses which can get annoying.
Robux can be a big problem for kids since they have to pay real money and they can complain if they don't get any robux, but I didn't do that, just saying what can happen.
This game can also be inappropriate sometimes like in games like Paradise Life with online daters and more.
People are mean sometimes.
Community's of games like jailbreak can get really toxic, they  can get really angry, spam in chat and swear, even though it's in tags, you can still understand what they say.
Also people can make fun of you if they kill you in jailbreak or something.
Some games can also be violent, I think parents should watch what there kids are playing.
This game can be a money grabber sometimes making kids angry, so I think it's better for them to avoid the game or let them play games that don't have much to purchase for or don't have any.
So  roblox can be a problem if not monitored, or don't let them play it.
Your child will most likely stop playing Roblox during adolescence.
The only problem with the game is “Robux”.
That is all you really have to worry about!
Their this game called Scottish boarders and Tyne and wear metro by a developer called lm2606 and it crap the administrator are really mean and evan if you run away from them their just going to ban you evan for driving around and to get administrator you need to sign up on this stupid Website called www.Lm2606.co.uk and they want your username discord number and email address.to sign up for admin i would not play this game it really shit and is so Copyrighted
The problem is the community and 'robux'.
Even though roblox claims to be kid-friendly and safe, it isn't.
People find ways to write swears in the chat and find loopholes into saying many inappropriate things and bullying.
Robux isn't worth it.
You probably will get bullied if you do not have it, ( i did too)but it is your decision to get it.
Robux gets spent very fast and sometimes is disappointing to find you spent it all in less than a minute.
I know am not an adult but I have really hurting comments and I know ROBLOX.
Don't immediately abuse it.
It hurts many gamers and players who watch such bad reviews on ROBLOX.
If you're getting bullied leave the server; playing this game has taught me somethings lime report doesn't work.
And instead of Exploiters/Clowns/Hackers won't get banned permanently.
So I signed up for roblox when I was about 9 years old, right off the bat of joining a game I was mercilessly bullied for my avatar's appearance (I was wearing a pink sweater.
They started talking to me through the website chat and they said really sexual things to me.
They were saying things like "what size boxers do you wear" and other things trying to groom me.
I still feel really gross from the experience and I wish I had told my parents about what happened at the time.
This game is absolutely NOT appropriate for younger children like they say and try to claim it is due to the amount of predators in this game.
Its because of scams, people bypassing the chat filter, etc.
I don't know what people say about anti-social, etc.
And people say its violate, but bro litteraly whenever someone dies they just fall apart, you call that violate?
The swords don't have very realistic animations either.
Now some games are PG-13 but simply just prevent your kid from playing.
And people say that people are toxic, just either block them or type /mute (username here) in the chat and roblox will block their messages, for you.
But I get what people say about roblox support being absolute garbage, I agree with this.
But thats really the only bad part of roblox, and I think parents are making to much of a big deal out of it, I say its for 11 and up and if your child is 11 or up, let them play it alone.
If you have kids and they are playing this game make sure you watch what your kids play because there can be a lot of negative stuff there like "Account theft, Asking for personal information and more".
I think I'm done talking here.
However, there are lots of concerns for this game.
Players can easily send words that might not be suitable for anyone under 18 years of age.
There are lots of messages that say “stupid” “noob”  “boomer” and “dumb”.
In some games, it might have a feature to allow you to play audio from the ROBLOX audio library and some players might play weird audio that might contain words used for roasts and insults so I don’t recommend going in those games.
Next is violence.
However, some people go for another purpose that’s not good for kids and teens.
They do something called “Online Dating” and they use the game’s features to do some weird stuff.
The majority of the reviews here a completely false.
I quite honestly have no idea where these angry parents get their crazy, misleading stories from.
For the parents that are saying that there are "lots of inappropriate games and they're never getting banned".
Games like this get banned in hours and it is breaking the TOS of roblox.
There is only one problem with this game though, it is very very very very very addictive.
Once you are playing you can't put your device down, the company makes loads of money while the kids suffer with problems from this  game.
It makes your family argue because you had so much time on there and enough is enough.
Therefore, Roblox has not had a positive impact on our family, easier to say it taught me how to lie, be mean to my friends in real life and to steal.
When my dad told me I couldn't play it anymore, I just felt so so gutted so I was in a state of sadness because I wanted to play on it but I couldn't.
To this day, I play on roblox for a bit but I can't all the time so I still get really upset if I can't play and I would do anything to get back to my online friends and to upload on my YouTube channel.
If you don't want any of the problems I recommend you should stop  playing.
It also has concerns of safety as there are some inappropriate chat on there and content you shall not be seeing.
Roblox has good memes but they kid old after a while, so people can annoy you easily.
Speaking of, I've met a lot of users who have targeted/stalked/harassed/bullied me for silly reasons, such as telling them to stop bullying someone for being a noob.
You should disable chat for your child if you don't want them bullied.
The Robux itself is pretty pricey, and it is very easy to get scammed in game without privacy settings on, my two younger siblings were a victim of this.
If someone is breaking the rules on ROBLOX, they probably will get off with a warning and many people can falsely report you if they are angry at you.
It is also impossible to make a great game if you don't know how to script, which goes against the tagline saying powering imagination.
Roblox is pretty addicting but has flaws that can't be avoided, sadly.
Just because somebody called you or your child a “nooby poopy pants” means you should ban it.
Block the person, straight up ignore them (most trolls want attention) or leave.
This game has over 1 billion users (mainly bots) but they implemented a human verify system so don’t expect it to be military national security banning or moderation system.
That doesn’t exist :( anyway good game
DO NOT PLAY GAME!!
MY SON DIED OF LIGMA PLAYING THIS GAME...!!
There isn't any realistic horror things or other inappropriate realistic content.
However, I do want to say that there are mean people who may want to bully you, insult you, etc.
There are also scammers and online daters, but all of these social problems can be solved by disabling their chat on their account in the settings menu.
If you don't feel safe with your kid interacting in such a way online, then don't have them play this game, or limit their account with restrictions or supervise them while they play.
so first the bad.
-trolling
so tbh,trolling is the worst thing on roblox.
if you dont know what trolling is, it is when a player makes another player upset/or/mess their gaming experience up for entertainment.
things like killing the players repeatedly/spamming them is also trolling sometimes.
*
-scamming
one of the other problems about roblox is scamming.so, scamming  usally used to be "if you give me all ur robloc acc info, ill log into it to give you robux" but scams like that have went down since kids have gotten smarter.
in games like adopt though, people love to scam there.
so, its a scam.
for one, roblox doesnt give out free robux.
i dont even have to talk abt this as you should know what they are.
*
-robux
so alot of people want robux but cannot get it  without permission or the acc will be terminated.
one of the other problems is thatpeople used to be shunned (hated on) for not having robux,which makes people feel bad   

this is all i had to say
From my experience, Roblox includes some friendly games and kind players around the ages of 8, but the older players are the real problem of Roblox.
They have the virtual money, called robux, which causes in many arguments and tears between kids and parents.
They bully the young players, calling them 'dumb' and 'noobs' and teasing them.
Plus there are some violent games in Roblox, with monsters, blood, spooks, guns and other weapons.
It is common to see kids playing these, which is unacceptable.
That was the only time I ever saw that, but roblox was really quick to ban the game.
Also some Karens post about swearing, now what f***!
If you say bad words it will be censored, it will look something like this if you say the f word ####, also if your child is under 13 they have safe chat.
Jailbreak and madcity may have guns, but it's not violent.
This game *doesn't* have sex talk.
This game *doesn't* have swearing.
The moderation system, is honestly crap.
Once, however, when Jailbreak was quite popular, I gave  it a shot, and disliked it.
There is some swearing.
But scammers are stealing pets in Adopt Me.
It can be fun but some people are quite toxic and will bully other users.
Also reporting users doesn't work since roblox's team is quite small
I really don’t understand why everyone thinks this game is the work of the devil.
Sure, the moderation and occasional toxic behaviour is kind of a problem, but other than that, ROBLOX is a completely harmless game.
Parents, if your child has experienced bad or scarring behaviour on the platform, don’t blame it on ROBLOX.
It’s more your fault than the staff as you are supposed to watch over your child, not them.
So I'll tell you how to stop these negative things before you decide to write a one star review.
If you monitor your child you can see if he's going on to the horrible side of roblox.
Check the game that he wants to buy the gamepasses from, If you think it's a scam, say no.
These are 3 ways to stop your child from doing bad stuff.
Parents, you people are overreacting more than you think.
You may come across some bad games, but reporting sometimes works on games.
Now, onto the scams.
Just like the websites, if something tells you that you can get free robux, don't trust it.
You will NOT get your "free robux".
I have experienced hacks before, and I myself have tested out some scams that didn't work.
None of them worked.
Roblox is a good game with a horrible community.
A lot of people play this game, most are not kid friendly, I myself and 10 year veteran and have seen the horrible era where Roblox really had to crack down on the filtering system, thus a lot of words(and all numbers) becoming hashtags.
Now, it's filled with cyber bullies, some very rambunctious(Not in the friendly way) children, and some extremely toxic people.
I. myself have only encounter a pedohile once, in 2012 I believe, it was very obvious what he was trying to do and I quickly shut him down, but other than that I've been fine.
This game also has some very adult games such as Breaking Point, Phantom Forces, Witching Hour, Seconds Til Death, Alone in a Dark House, Murder Mystery(Yes, it's it a bad game to put in front of children, look at the name.
I could go on and on but I generally think this is a horrible game to put in front of children.
These parents saying "My ChIlD wAs ExPoSeD tO bAd ImAgEs!
!1" Are total BS.
In no way does roblox allow that behavior.
very fishy
you all are over reacting  its not roblox's fault about kids getting traumatized  i mean your kid should know how to stay safe online  and to not do stupid things also roblox does censor stuff out you can't say the f word or bad stuff like that also it does let you say hell but its not a bad word its a  place for some religions my middle school teacher even said the word hell  one time also if you do see something  inappropriate you can report it and if someone is being mean or annoying you can click on the
There is occasionally violence on certain games, there is nothing wrong with this, but be aware.
There are also many things that cost money on the platform, be aware of this also.
For those who think this game is "bad" ROBLOX has privacy settings to protect younger ones.
2 the filter, the filter is ok but it gets worse and worse in by the days go along they #ed number regular word spelled wrong and some times you cant say anything at all like this one time where you could not say anything it was a glitch that made the filter broken so you could not talk at all.
also there are tons of micro transactions that your kid will use robux to buy the thing and some times there a scam.
First of all, you cant just say that reporting "doesn't work" roblox's moderation is composed of bots and what not so if you are saying your child has reported some dude who was bullying them and they aren't banned yet, I mean c'mon man, if roblox had real life moderators they would get so overwhelmed with all the trolls and the legitimate reports.
Moderators have a personal life too they can't just spend their day sorting dumb reports on a kids game.
Second, if you think your child has been abused or has seen bad things, it ain't roblox's fault, you can just go and basically ruin roblox's reputation on this lame site cus some jerk made a bad game, or some 40 year old man called your kid "cute" roblox can't stop these things knowing that the games your child is playing are user generated content, meaning that Roblox doesn't make the games, but other community members do.
Third, there IS no violence to this game, there are weapons but really it is rather comical when your character "dies" it makes a funny OOF sound and your character falls apart into tiny pieces but hes still smiling.
Fourth, parents aren't giving their children enough privacy, with these things being concealed from parents, like making a roblox account under their noses for example, will automatically make parents believe something shady is going on and they will immediately want to check on their kids the first sight of suspicion.
This makes things annoying.
Parents get mad at roleplay games like adopt and raise a baby because they find little baby's "inappropriate".
And finally, parents are just stupid with the internet, "my child has been dating some dude"- Parent 2019
cool just shut the computer, that simple.
"its roblox's fault that my childs legs are big" - Parent 2019
they are called THICC legs THICC meaning highly inappropriate, so your child is not a pretty angel and roblox is not the devil
"a dude has abs" - Parent 2019
roblox cant control that
"chat inappropriate cus it said ####" 
roblox hashtags are dumb literally anything gets hash tagged
and finally (for real this time) my experiences, i have gotten hacked before i will admit and i have also asked for robux before i will admit.
But never have i asked for robux constantly, you parents need to discipline your children if they are being snobbish and throwing tantrums for robux

overall review:good

what we learned: parents are really dumb with the internet
i don't get how people's grades are going down.
this game also CAN contain inappropriate games.
there are other games that i don't like, for instance, "Da hood" come on it's roblox, for kids.
why have something like this?
a few other things are, many assets of the game cost money.
which is not roblox's fault.
I see a lot of reviews about parents saying that this game is inappropriate and has sexual content and I'm writing this to explain things better.
Now I understand that parents might not want their kids talking to strangers but know it is not roblox's fault if some edgy teen starts say inappropriate stuff.
If you don't want your child to see chats or be able to chat just  simply go to your settings turn off those options.
Even if someone tries to swear on the site roblox's filter will censor it and you will get a message like this "#####".
There are some flaws in roblox's censor system though.
Sometimes when you spell something wrong Roblox's censor system will think you are swearing and will hastags your messages.
I've heard stories of children getting into games where other players do sexual things to that child's avatar and I just want to say that that stuff is very rare.
If your child is in a server with people who are doing stuff that is not child friendly you are unlucky.
I understand that if your child sees that stuff at a very young age it can be scaring.
If you find things that are inappropriate you should report the game.
Now when I say if you find things that are inappropriate in the game I don't mean things players are doing or saying.
I'm talking about if the game by itself with the players is bad.
Your child will most likely never find any inappropriate games on Roblox ever so you have nothing to worry about but for whatever reason some parents think that murder mystery and jailbreak are bad games that will make your child violent (they don't ive played these games hundreds of times and my friend would say I wouldn't even hurt a fly) and they don't want there children playing them.
There is honestly nothing you can to do to stop them from playing those games except for telling them not to and monitor what they are playing.
Roblox is a game for everyone and people need to stop hating on it and say it's just for adults or just for kids and saying that the whole platform is filled with inappropriate content.
Like, I've seen way more Consumerism, Swearing and Violence.
So your child can't interact and people can't interact with the child.
i've played roblox since i was 7, and all you parents saying your child got exposed to images of sex, there are maybe one or two games that are based on sex, but those get banned in like 30 mintues.
also, you cant send images on roblox.
links cant go past the filter, either.
just make sure they dont put anything bad in their game.
and please, please do not constantly watch your kid, i know i dont have kids, but my parents do.
i have helicopter parents and lemme tell ya, it makes them sneaky.
These parents dont know that people can report the guys to roblox, If you're being bullied JUST REPORT DUMMIE.
Some games are perfectly kid friendly, some have guns and violence, some are literally based off of gangsters fighting in the streets.
Some role-playing games have Online Daters (or ODers) who do inappropriate things and swear.
Do not play roblox it have oders and a lot of swearing please do not play this game and purchases like Robux and Roblox Premuim
NOTE: Many people judge players by their looks, so a lot of new players might be bullied for 'having no Robux'.
Roblox, like any platform geared for children, has some players who attempt to break the Terms of Service of Roblox and do things that are... probably illegal.
There are also Scam Bots, who directly target players with Scams, trying to either waste the time of the victim or steal the victim's Roblox account, from either logging cookies to even snatching the .ROBLOSECURITY code of the victim (which can be used to immediately log into your account, BYPASSING 2FA).
- If you think that Roblox is causing the corruption of your kids and should be made only for Adults, you should actually just be a parent and monitor what your kids are doing.
Roblox is a platform not a game.
people in the community  create the games on roblox sure in some games there is violence but that's why 13 up accounts exist.Sometimes  inappropriate things do pop up but Roblox goes and cracks down almost immediately.Another reason you might be concerned is online dating or ODing ,most of the time its just kids harmlessly role playing in the case it does go far (in which it almost never happens) it is because they are loured into other platforms not Roblox.
Ok, so I hear on these posts about parents and teens complaining about bullies and stuff.
But, you should also know that its a online world with a freedom of speech, and with that freedom, there might just be some rude teen or kid calling your kid "Noob", "Trash", "Useless", "Idiot", "Stupid", or any of those stuff.
I once reported a game which had a title named "Free six".
Anybody can post anything and get past the poor filters.
Also report such content to the roblox staff.
In this online world, there are always some 6 year olds or 8 year olds trying to seek attention by bullying in online games.
Now about exploiting and cheating.
There isnt any problem with this site, its just the fact that Roblox is still working to patch up exploits and stuff.
In this game named "kohls admin house nbc", there are always kids using these so called kick or ban guis and kicking everybody out.
If you find that it is some "stalker" or "hacker" repeaditely asking for personal info, parents, make sure the child tells whats happening because hacking and stalking must be taken seriously.
Don't use passwords like "abcd1234" or "ilikepizza" or any of the obvious ones that the hackers can crack.
Dont give a easy pin that matches your personal info.
Yes, there are some very toxic, horrible people on ROBLOX, but, if you’re child is below 13 you the parent are able to go into your child’s account settings and disable in game chat and other advanced and unnecessary social chatting you’re 5 year old doesn’t need.
There ARE exploiters that will go into games that are vulnerable to exploitation and inject pornographic images and other crude and vulgar images that will mess your kid up.
First, don’t let your kid play very unpopular games on ROBLOX that don’t have a large player base because usually that game doesn’t have protection against these exploiters.
Third, exploiters or “hackers” are able to inject a program into the ROBLOX game file and give themselves better stats, weapons, play audio, make the screen flash, inject “scripts” that make the avatars have sex and other really gross things your kid could see and ruin their childhood.
Im 13 years old and I agree with every Robloz player out there, Ive been playing for 4 years now and only started hearing the stupidity of the parents this has annoyed so bad to the point where im replying.
Firstly we all know this an online game made to express youreself ,violence,bullyism,moderation is a problem with this game Welcome to the internet adults there is no poaaible way to stop every bully parents find the word "noob" is a bad word it simply means "newplayer or newbie" This is the internet.
Ive heard comments about the sexuall problems from adults,Hace you checked it youre self Roblox is quick to ban these games as it is not there fault those games are CREATED BY THE ROBLOX COMMUNITY and bot Roblox themselves people find this funny as a plot to shut down Roblox,Secondly MODERATORS HAVE A LIFE its not like if thwy sit on a game for 24/7 monitoribg a webaite that has a mass amount of players parents please understand this and if you dont maybe the Internet and the future of it is not for you you
The chat will always filter the bad words, and always banktjenester nudity games.
As much as Roblox is a fun game, it is also bad.
As for the other gamers, as from experience, if you don't buy robux and buy the cool looking clothes for your character, you're most likely not going to make friends unless there are others at the same social status as you.
I found it hard to make friends within the game so I was playing alone most of the time.
There are many scam games such as "Free robux" or "Play this game to get robux" and of course it's not dangerous, but it's just a huge lie which is disappointing when you learn the truth.
Playing the free version, it's more disadvantages and you will bore after a while.
I no longer play the game because I have lost my interest and it seemed to be waste of time.
I got hurt by few people in the game, although, I could say that was my fault in dealing with the person.
If you don't play Roblox and are planning to, I honestly wouldn't recommend it.
It has some inappropriate stuff in it (depending on the game or people you're with) that isn't great for kids and not necessarily for teens either as we shouldn't be looking at bad stuff even though we're teens.
Don't buy robux and that junk, it's honestly a waste of money for when you grow out of the game or when the item doesn't look good on you and you want a refund.
I don't recommend this game, but overall, it is somewhat alright.
Dear Common Sense Media Users That Are Over 18+, This Game May Look Bad, But I Know How To Fix It.
First Of All, DON’T YOUR CARD IT A PLACE WHERE YOUR CHILD CAN GET IT.
Also Bullying, Words Like “So?” Or “And?” Can Save A Child From Crying.
Also, The “Inappropriate Games.” Well, There’s A  Restriction Feature To Filter Out Games With Blood Guns Etc.
Just Not In A Good Way.
It Counts How Many Reports You Get When You Get Enough Reports You Get Banned For 1 Day, 3 Days 7 Days, 14 Days, Account Ban, And IP Banned.
I have been playing ROBLOX for almost three years but the game could be better by having a better chat filter.
People might try to scam you by making you put your username and password so please DO NOT FALL FOR THE FREE ROBUXS SCAMS.But other then that it is good.Kids can use ROBLOX studio and learn to code and program games.
Parents are over reacting too much about violence and swearing and all that.
If someone calls ur kid a noob, you can block them, just click there name and then click block.
Second u can’t rely on roblox to take care of everything, oh someone is doing something roblox can’t fix it right away, either tell them to stop or just join ANOTHER SERVER.
And sure roblox dosent care about reports we’ll they always don’t have time because they either don’t care, or are making there security system better so hackers will stop.
Your welcome and if you don’t want your kids playing or downloading roblox, BLOCK IT.
Sometimes if you don't have any then you can get bullied.
Dude literally every kid swears no matter what.
Late or soon your kid will start swearing and that is not a bad thing cuz its yourr job to teach your kid who can he swear with and who he cant swear with and also if you are a real dumbass father you can block the ppl that swears and thats it your child wont see his chats.Third giving personal info.Ok this is not the games problem you are the one that has to teach your child not to give personal info you DUMBASS FATHER.Fourth transactions.Ok this is rlly dumb.
Roblox is not a game; It is a platform.
To get problems out of the way,
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 any stuff that isn't obeyed by the ToS and Rules is not what Roblox has to offer.
I need to get this message out too, stop blaming Roblox for games that causes problems that they have not even made.
Swearing is technically not allowed but people can bypass it and if you blame Roblox on that, you might as well let your kid play Call of Duty.
Violence is debatable.
If it's so much violence (Gore and all that) and if it doesn't really warn you (It probably wouldn't matter if warned or not) it's likely against the Rules.
Violence like games with guns or fighting is going to be on Roblox and you should've known it was going to be on Roblox since you're on the internet.
If it gets so bad example your child is basically swearing and being mean to people in the chat, you can go to the settings of the account, to privacy, and set "Who can chat with me?"
If another player is being mean to your child you can go on the leader board, left click on their username, and click block player.
Roblox would not be a platform if they couldn't sell stuff on the platform.
And if your child can just buy Robux by a click of a button, that's on you for leaving your credit card number saved on the device.
Now if you haven't get real, (Your child took your credit card).
Also for those games who are "Pay to win" and you probably are blaming Roblox for that.
Just stop it, developers are trying to earn Robux on Roblox too you know.
Know What “ Roblox “ Is It’s A Game with too much violence.
there is some bad people out there called “predators” they like sex mostly to find free girlfriends or dates online.
and i’ve been into an argument that had the words “d** b*****” f””” h””” my parents did not appreciate what i heard and saw.
As all online games there will be toxic players but like if ur not a Karen then this shouldn't bother you because its nothing worse than what u find in school.
I think there's TOO much censorship it will block any messages that have numbers and there are many words blacklisted u wouldn't expect.
There may be a few issues here and there which roblox does not allow.
Also things which are innapropriate are not created by Roblox, they are created by account users.
If you do find any issue, do not use the report system in game as there are a lot reports coming from games only.
There are hackers on roblox but they do not hack the website.
Hackers are mostly in game and what they do is, they use things called scripts to give themselves over powered items that cannot be obtained in the game.
For example, I am playing Jailbreak and a hacker comes in and starts to loop kill every single player.
I think this game is a child friendly game and that everyone should play this game.
Also, I think that all the negative reviews are from eight year old kids who like fortnite.
Yall should chill out.
sure there can be bad language but thats only for 13+ kids who put that they are 13 years or older in the sign up.
yall should stop overreacting.
i reported a guy for hacking and roblox personally reached out to me and asked me what the person had done.
The guy was banned within the day
ROBLOX may be a bad place for -7, but really, just because your son saw a swear word or swore, doesn't mean THEY don't do it either.
I mean, c'mon, go to any elementary school and there is atleast one person dropping F-Bombs and stuff all over the place.
While yes, there are bad games on this PLATFORM, not GAME, doesn't mean there AREN'T.
In fact, why do you think ROBLOX risked so much, even going as far as deleting XBOX version of ROBLOX's chat, JUST to keep the E rating, if you think it is 18+?
Your logic makes no sense!
I personally think parents are HEAVILY overreacting.
And also, I like how all you dorks are saying, "too much consumerism," even though, THAT'S THE ONLY WAY THEY CAN MAKE MONEY, SO SHUT UP.
So ive seen parents over react about roblox and say its a bad game but don't listen to them they say roblox hass strong and innoproporiate language but that was the old roblox now if you try to say a bad word it will be translated and turned in to ##### and they say roblox has bad monitering program and that people never get banned and trust me they do i have been banned too it just seems like that because so many people are getting reported so everyone who is mean or does anything bad will get banned they 
Many people give it bad reviews though, while not seeming to know that if they just explored the settings everything would be absolutely fine and nobody would have to make a really toxic review.
This will turn off all chat funtions.
If you dont know what those are, they are:
1.
Additionally, it will only let you kid play Curated Content on Roblox.
This make your kid only be able to play games that are set to below 12 years old by Roblox.
The way the player dies by by shouting a diminutive "oof" and then just falling apart.
It's not really disgusting or bloody or horrible at all.
TIPS:

 1: If somebody is being rude to your child, just block them.
2: "Noob" is just a weak insult.
3: ROBLOX is NOT a game.
4: ROBLOX's moderation team is low, just block users and just not let your kid play that game in the ROBLOX PLATFORM!!!!
Also, if they try to use numbers to swear, it will also be tagged.
Im was playing welcome to bloxburg and then someone started hacking the game and putting bad pickchures on the screen :( my mommy made me uninstall and too much swears too
In this game, there are some violent games.
But you can block that from your kids by emailing roblox staff, there is a bunch of people saying that Roblox is bad.
Just click cancel.
This can result in their account getting hacked or your credit card getting charged for Robux (virtual currency) purchases.
I watch out for scams and online dating, But warning: This game called Meep City has online daters, and it is flooded.
I recommend to not play it.
i mean is ur kid that stupid they give out information?
===================================================
If they're in a game and they're getting insulted, tell them to block the person who is insulting your child.
===================================================
Sorry if this isn't much, this is mostly what I know, also parents, know that a lot of players curse on Roblox, so beware.
I do not get why parents freak out about this game but for the first part of this, l will put three different reviews OTHER people have given on Roblox.
Inappropriate Content

 "I have been on the fence about this website until today.
A hacker replaced kitten wallpaper in a game with anime porn.
Because of this, I would say it is not safe for children."
"Shocked at the sex talk"

An 11-year old I know was propositioned on here, she said no and her online Roblox character was picked up and thrown into the bed...can I call this online rape?
When I found this out, the account was canceled.
The character who "raped" her character also used another language with her in the chatbox that made it seem like he was a lot older than she was.
Creepy.
"BAD!!!!!!!!!!!"
A lot of players curse and sometimes they act sex act and there are wars and hacks that can really mess up your computer don't let your kid play and also the mods don't do anything about the reports they only do it for the money.
Just do that, and don't play that game!
If your Roblox account gets banned/cancelled, you can appeal your account in customer service.
That should filter all mature content and turn off the messaging part, so these people can't say things to your daughter.
The report abuse button in games report the problem to the developers for the game, but not Roblox.
ROBLOX's chat filter bans  Numbers as well as swear words and things that can relate to swear words.
Roblox games can also be violent.
this game shouldn’t be a problem for you or your child unless they are not properly educated on online etiquette.
if you are a responsible parent, there is no reason why your child should run into any dangerous or extremely inappropriate situations.
ROBLOX is a very disgusting game, it has a lot of swearing and kids think its okay to drink wine or beer because theres no side effect to the character.
There is a lot of violence, killing, shooting, and even just melee killing someone.
This concludes why ROBLOX is a disgusting game and EVERY kid should play it
For the inappropriate games, just don't let them play them in the first place.
For violence there's no blood or gore so why so bad.
The game is good but Some games i play has bullying words violence The game i say is called The streets is a game ilke GTA 5 For 1 up to 10 players are bullying killing and more and a game called tower of h### and The tower of h### has super rage and race it can be age of 5 up to 13 and pepole are making Scam game and coning to our games With friends and says free robux?
And say to join us and friend us and The game says robux and says come to The robux and it says password and type it The owner gets it and hack us and a report i send doesn’t work and scammers are every where if there is kids out there kids can give our there information to scammers...
Some games can be violent and not suitable for younger ages.
Don't give out your password;
There is a high chance that someone will confiscate your account, however, there is a possibility that they weren't lying however this is highly unlikely.
Blocking/muting- If someone is saying bad things to you, you can block them by going to the player list (in the top right), clicking the username of the rude person, and then clicking the rectangle that says "Block".
This will make all the chat that the blocked person says be invisible forever, but can be undone.
If this happens, don't blame Roblox, just blame yourself, as you'd be the stupid one for  having a password that even a child can infer.
Even numbers are censored.
This can be EXTREMLEY annoying at times, however, this prevents people from saying their age.
However, Roblox takes 30% of it (if you're angry it's because Roblox would get bankrupt if they didn't).
You just need to be cautious when playing the game for anything questionable.
I think there are too many overreactions on this game, but, I think that the in-game currency "ROBUX" is highly overpriced- you used to be able to pay $200 for R$35,000, but now $100 for R$ 11,000 WITH a monthly premium subscription.
There is some cussing and bullying in this game, but, that would happen in any game.
The scripts allow users to do inappropriate things in the game, but that is mainly only with paid exploits.
If you have a user that is harassing you, just block them.
And most of the chatting apps don't have swear filter.
You can't say words like, 's--t, and if you type that in game, it appears like this, '####'.
And having no Hashtags appear.
KEEP IN MIND; The moderation system is not great at all.
Reporting a player usually does NOTHING.
It's not that bad as you make it out to be.
It's not Roblox's fault that your kid stole your credit card and bought a couple thousand robux.
ROBLOX will randomly and unjustly ban and delete acounts, and the appeals process will end in one, swift E-mail, and it will likely end in your account not being recovered, as the appeals system is mainly ran by bots.
On top of that, ROBLOX is in truth a hive of violence, swearing, and other illicit topics.
Want a couple games that your kid should NOT play?
The Streets, basically gangs in a Lego game.
Now you might be saying "Hey, parents are saying I should steer clear of this game, I don't really feel comfortable."
If you don't trust your parenting abilities enough, good for you.
There is a line of code on Roblox called "filtering enabled" which with a lot of exploit programs wont work properly (If you want more details on this, just google it or something I don't know).
But one downside to this is if the exploits are for cheating, this can really ruin a game.
There is way more to Roblox but I just don't feel like writing it.
Great Game but not liking the ROBLOX black friday.
A few years ago I joined roblox and have been encountering bad things like sex.
And by encountering those, i'd recommend DON'T PLAY ROBLOX.
If there is oding, it's just roleplay or dumb kids stuff.
Roblox takes the blame of too many parents, for things that are out of the company's control.
Roblox is not your babysitter.
There are some safety and Privacy concerns, such as phishing and scam sites.
They even have a guide of how to prevent kids from falling for this trick.
Usually, they would be talking nonsense in order to swear.
The inappropriate content games are usually deleted in about a day to a week.
Lots of parents are complaining about this, but they only say bad stuff about ROBLOX.
Violence is the last problem.
The guns aren't even doing proper gun noises and it just shoots some yellow bar.
It does model them properly and however, parents are probably going to think the popular jail roleplay games that have guns in them INDUCE violence, and even make their kids promote gangs.
The violence inducing part is only for "special" kids usually.
The community, which is the last to talk about here is not the most friendly.
Sometimes there are bullies, I play this game myself, and there are some EXTREMELY toxic players.
The parents that extremely downvote this game are dumb, and don't actually take a look into this game.
Remember, be cool, stay in school adults because obviously you've never examined and analyzed something thouroghly.
sometimes there are too much swearing especially the game ,,Frappe".
This game has so many trollers, they also sweared people in Frappe.
As a Roblox veteran (5 years, I’m a loser) These people are overreacting way too much.
Bad words tag out, violence is only for 13+ people, and there is ZERO inappropriate games that you will find on roblox unless you are purposely looking for them, and those games are shut down by roblox’s moderation within hours.
Games in which contain inappropriate topics, or are spammed to the front page are quickly taken down.
There are barely ANY games which include this kind of content, however.
I've also seen many complains that their children were sent links to bad things, photos popped up, etc.
This is clearly not true.
There is no way a picture could pop up whilst your child is playing a Roblox game, and a Link could only be sent via player by player.
If the link had anything bad in it, Roblox usually doesn't allow it to be sent.
Either hash tagging out the characters or just not sending it.
Honestly, I think many of these reviews are written by parents who don't like the look of the game, or the game in general.
Listen, if you don't like the game because of opinion, then do not go and rate a child-friendly game 18+.
Roblox has nothing 18+ inside of it, and your opinion shouldn't be written in a clickbait review for a game.
If you're worried about your young child doing inappropriate things on the website, just monitor them.
You must understand that every game will have positives and negatives, and you DO NOT understand the monetization system in under a day.
This game is overall JUST GROSS!
This game has many negative things.
Also, the players are just immature and do sexual actions in some games such as “Life in Paradise” or “Family Life”.
I would never recommend this game also because people bypass the chat filter and say bad things.
Some games such as “The Streets” has some drug use stuff.
This game overall just concerns me and is unsafe for children like me.
Lastly, there are many pedophiles in this game, they may ask for your location and then they might come to your house and could probably rape you or kill you.
They lie about there age, one person I met said she’s 12 and she wants to meet up but I believe it could be an old man.
ROBLOX may sometimes have toxic players every now and then, but you can report them first, then block them or leave the server.
Back then when I was still quite immature, people could easily bypass the chat filters so many people cursed.
This is awful.
it is not for kids, plenty of games are traumatizing and are about fighting to the death or dating or some dark themes.
most of the games are generic and make your kid yell at you forcing you to give them money so that they can get themselves robux.
plenty of people are toxic though some people are genuinely nice and some games are good but most are cash grabs most likely made by bots.
there are also scam bots in the chat and expect your child to be complaining that him/her lost their account.
very weird and dark and is rather generic.
also roblox's filter is trash and you can't say anything and its all just a way to gain money and the creator of the game also stole the oof sound from the 2000 game messiah.
that just shows how lazy this game is.
also I doubt you would feel safe on this game as its privacy is awful.
Roblox now is really toxic because of the community and content in the games.
Players now would bully you for your avatar and your performance on a game.
Many of the common insults are "Ugly", "Loser", and "Noob."
Scammers and bots are a major issue too.
Scammers always post a link where it would give you "free Robux", but those websites steal your account and give your device a virus.
If you think reporting would fix this problem.... you are WRONG!
The reports don't even get read because none of these players are getting removed or suspended.
The monitors are probably always busy or they don't even care at all.
Role-playing games are the worst because it has numerous online daters and predators.
I suggest you keep restricted mode on for child so this does not happen to them cursing, inapropriate content.
Roblox should make their money less expensive i know they want to make money but they are already making millions off of parents and little kids money.
Roblox considered people *noobs* if you don't have this so called thing Robux.
It is a joke or could also be a form of bullying.
I suggest you have a talk with your kids about this and make sure this does not happen to them if so turn off the chat feature and talk to them what their expectations of this game should be.
My friend has been scammed by this game before I suggest you be careful.
The only problem is the community inside it.
Roblox claims to filter bad words or sexual references in the chat, but some people in the community manage to slip that in.
I have encountered people swearing and fighting with each other, sometimes even online dating or using sexual references in their speech.
This way your child cannot receive or send chat messages from others.
Another thing I think is wrong with this community is something about robux.
Robux costs money, and not all 'robloxians' have it.
This leads to bullying.
The name for these people are considered, 'noobs'.
They should also know to tell you about any encounter with someone who is threatening them.
I suggest you have a talk with them about the dangers of the internet and how to handle it.
If your child is easily swayed by online influences then this is not the app they should be using.
Warning though some of these are very violent.
But the real problem is inappropriate content.
Many of the more inappropriate games have unassuming names.
The way i stay away from these games is by looking at the number of people currently playing it.
There are a lot of scammers out there trying to scam kids into buying fake robux (the in game currency that costs real money).
There is also a ridiculous amount of swearing and inappropriate conversations.
Some games have links that take you to weird bad games.
I've been playing this game for 4 years and some people say that there's to much and cursing and to much 18+ crap there's not that's really rare.
Anyways remember this is still a kids  game not a game to criticize over everything you see.
some of the games inlclude prison games, Shooter games,simulators,tycoons,and obbys.buiding games roleplay games meme games Horror games survival games ect and THERE IS BARELY ANY PEDOFILES IN THEE GAME AND THERE IS NO [Oof] GAMES AND LISTEN CAREFULLY PEOPLE ARE NOT SWEARING ALL THE TIME THE ROBLOX FILTER IS CENSORING NORMAL WORDS LIKE "camera" "youtube" and "video" and numbers sorry for grammer
I can say, the moderation is VERY poor, but most of the moderators are bots anyways?
So, it's not really roblox's fault.
But, it always can leak anyone's privacy.
The filter is not great and can censor words that r harmless.
This is shown by the censor system which blocks all curse words and words that could give out private details.
However, the one flaw with Roblox is the report system, known for not being completely reliable.
These people have no idea how roblox works.
but they are rule breakers and will get banned by roblox.
Just report them and move along with your day.
If you think your child is being exposed to or being manipulated just monitor your frickin kids.
If you think roblox still isn't good for you child cause of the "oh this kid was exposed to parts of the body that are un forgettable...
they are rule breakers and will get banned.
MONITOR YOUR FRICKIN KIDS IF YOUR WORRIED ABOUT THEM BEING EXPOSED TO SOMETHING BAD OR MANIPULATED!
Most bad reviews think that "Oh she was raped in videogame"-Not even a feature in the game, games made on roblox that have that are taken down in the hour.
THE CHILDREN CAN'T SEE GUNS!"
Some even said their child sent nudes over it!
Laughable, considering all links are immediately deleted by roblox.
If your child is that young to fall for that and you faked their age, congrats.
Now they can see all the bad.
The community can be bad, but your child can quit a game with bad people, and if you complain that a strange man came to your door asking for your daughter, (I've seen this before not even kidding), you're lying.
If you saw anything inappropriate in Roblox, then it's not the Owners fault, The workers of Roblox will ban every inapproriate Player/Game as fast as they can.
If you really think they have poor Moderation, then you are wrong.
It's true that you can get a false ban, but you can fix it with your Email Adress and message them to get your account unbanned, but you have to do this within a month, because your account is banned forever in one month.
I think Roblox should be in the age 12, because they are games with Guns, some Players that are pretty Toxic (Toxic = Bully).
Roblox is not about Sexual Content, Violence, Drugs, Safety or swearing.
There are chat filters and moderation that prevent that, if someone says a bad word, then it will be censored with #.
honestly, people try so hard to make roblox look bad-and sure, there are some cons-but i think that they shouldn't be too quick to judge this platform.
i haven't seen anything seriously bad in my entire time on roblox.
sure, people hate on people who find it fun to online date and bully people for no reason.
often times, it's just innocent roleplaying that doesn't really hurt anybody.
honestly, i would much rather focus on the talent of some game developers than get caught up in the few people who just want to ruin other people's experience.
if parents really don't like the occasional cussing or online dating or the potential that children may give out personal info, just monitor your kids on the game however you see fit.
but the complaints about how it's all "roblox's fault" that this is happening gets kinda old over time.
to sum this excessive and unnecessarily long review (i'm sorry about this, by the way), roblox is a great game that does have flaws, but so does every other thing in this world.
the inappropriate content is very minimal compared to the amazing amount of talent that so many devs possess.
A lot of the other reviews are saying 18+ bad game  i wouldn't recommend this to my child but that's just wrong they're talking about when you die you explode into pieces it makes sense for A game that literally looks like legos
Okay so here’s the thing you parents, on the Apple store it clearly says 13+ , yes roblox should have a thing where it separates 14+ from children but if it’s that bad **THEN DONT LET YOUR KID PLAY IT** simple as that.
Before you even let your kid play roblox just look at the reviews before you even think about giving roblox a stupid 2 stars.
Cuz that’s hella dumb that you guys are like “oh roblox this oh roblox that” like dude it’s your fault for even letting your kid play it, so think twice before even saying anything about it.
Later on things went a bit downhill, I can say.
Players can report as many times as they would like for whatever reason, but is almost never noticed.
I have reported other players for inappropriate behavior but nothing happened to him.
There is also many rude players and cyberbullies.
I have personally left the game almost crying before.
Now about the general game itself, not the players; The game is extremely boring now with little to no good games.
Most games are simulators where you simulate doing dumb things, or it's extremely repetitive and boring.
Many people have expressed this, and that's the reason why I left the game, it was no longer fun.
and this is has the same problem as simulators.
Many players find loopholes for bad language, such as; f u k, sit, s x, and beach.
There are guns and swords in this game, but it's never really gory, unless you get onto the horror, mysterious side of this game, where it's incredibly unsettling.
I've been in this part of the game and it was horrible.
What do I guys mean that there’s loads of bully’s in every game game I’ve only ever seen 2 that are actually bullying and loads people say my child was called a noob we’ll get used to what people say these days it’s really fun sometimes games get shut down for no reasons
I've got to admit, I was hella addicted, until the real world smacked me hard enough to make me realize if I didn't quit I'd be as idiotic as every other kid who still plays roblox at this age the way I did.
Other than that, your child will become idiotic, toxic (like me), and will likely do bad in school (if not now, then later on).
All of that is gone.
Roblox is full of games that expose children to online dating, and I've met people who have literally became so mentally attached they'd become depressed whenever a roblox friend left them.
Sorry for my life story, but just know this; roblox is full of creeps, isn't moderated well enough, and doesn't have a fraction of the fun/educational properties it did as before.
I’ve started seeing reviews in commonsensemedia.org and saw some unbelievable reviews kids and parents would leave.
There are multiple, varying from the reasons as to why parents complain when they see something inappropriate in-game, and just assume “oh ok, so I saw some bad words, it is a bad game.
The problem is that parents don’t frequently monitor what their children are doing in their devices, so they assume it’s ok. Parents that actually understand what ROBLOX is, actually have views where it’s good and bad.
Just assuming that it’s a bad game without sufficient evidence will immediately throb your opinion, and would just consider “irrelevant”.
Kids with boredom will always need a way to pass time, otherwise, they will have social anxiety.
If not, doesn’t complete purchase, and if unauthorized, to be deleted from ROBLOX.
Most people keep saying that "Roblox is for trash" but they probably still play Fortnite.
The only problem is some part of the community are oders, trollers or whatever but you can report them or just leave the server.
And I'm not the person who stalks the person waiting for him/her to be banned, I don't care.
Downsides are mostly bypassing the rules, and online dating  while I have seen some online daters while inappropriate stuff is around “wanna be my boyfriend/girlfriend “ and wanna date, things like that.
I thing the games can only get by the worst by shooting games, which aren’t very bad and recreating games like grand theft auto.
There are some dating kinda things but you should just ignore them, there is lots of bullying but you should just ignore it.
Honestly you killed the game in early 2017.
The filter made me want to cry when I couldn't say what I wanted to say.
2017 SUCKED!
Forums merged and were deleted that year, the stupid filter system that blocked every word in the Oxford Dictionary, when crappy YouTubers like greenlegocats123 and legobloxian brainwashed their 8 year old fanbase to believe every person with Beautiful Hair for Beautiful People was a pedophile, removal of guest...oh yeah let's talk about the impact those youtubers like CowCow made.
Rip Flamingo, had to change his upload style to suit Roblox's childish fanbase.
The eight year olds that watched legobloxian and CowCow are now the children you see that wear Bighead and get insecure when you tell them that filter-bypassing the n-word isn't funny,
Yeah, there might be people online dating or cursing, but it gets fixed just write what the user is doing and they get a punishment.
Some parents are saying how bad Roblox is I disagree because if you go to settings you can change the settings for your child’s safety.
Only play the games that are for kids there are teens trying to be edgy and all that but this is a reminder stay away from them they can be mean.
There is no sexual content and if there was roblox would ban it immediately.
Roblox is a platform where other players create games for people to play, but any games with innapropiate content will be banned like I said before.
Keep in mind roblox does have in game purchases and children can get cyberbullied if they have not paid for they're avatar, if this happens it's ok, this is a very rare issue anyways, just talk to your child about it and befor you know it they will be playing again and ignoring any mean comments.
The pedophiles have died down A LOT, but there is still online dating.
it also replaces curse words and other inappropriate stuff by turning it into: ####.
it's moderation isn't that great, so reporting stuff with the built-in report system isn't really useful but, you can also you can try to tweet Roblox.
There are a few games that involve a bit of horror or violence, but it's very lowkey and the graphics aren't detailed.
The chat is a very censored place.
Even simple words like "love" are censored out, which, I admit can be annoying.
Sharing private information and asking for it is totally taboo.
Those kids that know more then they should are making it seem bad!
Parents are making a big deal out of it, If you care so much TALK TO YOUR CHILD!!!!
If your child is doing that stuff then they have some serious problems.
Roblox tries to keep kids and teenagers from doing that stuff but they just keep finding more hacks.
There are some games that have violence, but it is not as gruesome as shooting someone in GTA.
Occasionally people might swear, if they do you can just leave the game.
People may occasionally bully others for having no robux which is a currency in roblox, but you can report them which is still being fixed but only works in a 1 ot of 20 chance that they will get warned or banned depending on the situation.
The cons of this are, Roblox having many ways for games to allow cash grabbing ( Even roblox it self does it ),  This game also allows for false advertising.
There is also inappropriate ads.
There is also language, blood, cyberbullying, and scariness in some games on roblox.
The only downside is that the admins of roblox do censor bad things but somtimes when I am building a game I will come across a inipropreate model.
Also theres a lot of hackers but if your smart they wont hack you.
Roblox is fine but parents have been blowing the online daters and the questionable things out of proportion.
Parents are very quick to judge when it comes to things and roblox is definitely no different as parents and the mainstream media relentlessly attack roblox for supposedly being dangerous for kids and certain player's for doing things like standing close to another player and for being online daters (which online dating is against the roblox rules) and online dating isn't much of an issue as people just need to report them and to not cry about it.
The robux and premium/BC costing real money and people has been bullying kids for not having robux at all.
Most online daters are just kids who just want a virtual girlfriend/boyfriend and a very very VERY small percentage of online daters are actual predictors.
scam bots show up VERY OFTEN and if you get a message saying "come to this website to claim free robux" DON'T DO THAT.
I have stumbled across bad things here and there.
I don’t understand how parents find this game bad.
It’s not the game’s fault, If you are 7-9 years old, maybe have someone supervise you.
Some people on roblox break rules but most of the time, they are just little kids who haven’t read rules or just being bad with hopes they don’t get caught.
If you do see someone rule-breaking, report it instead of ranting about it to the company.
Or would you leave a bad review to the company?
Rule-breakers isn’t Roblox’s fault, Thank you.
Many parents think Roblox is a bad influence on some kids just because of one instance involving a character getting raped in game.
Though, there are some rude people on the game.
Sometimes you come across scams.
The most popular scams are the “free robux” scams.
It’s best to stay away from those.
Ok now on roblox there are a lot of games that involve killing other players but it's nothing graphic Cuz it's a kid and teen game.
Most people don't build stuff on roblox because it's hard and requires scripting.
Watch out for bullying tho there are mean people there.
Also cursing is usually tagged but sometimes it bypasses the filter like Ex.
Its weird sometimes.
Number 1, ROBLOX is made for kids, meaning if anyone places ANYTHING that is not child appropiate, ROBLOX administators are going to track them down, and ban then.
Number 3... Any parents saying this game is bad is blind and can't see what kids can see.
A lot of the time it's just up to you wether you're in a toxic environment or not.
A lot of the toxic things kids do on there isn't necessarily roblox's fault rather it's the parents.
If some 11 year old is trying to have cybersex with an 8 year old on a roblox game then that's not roblox fault.
I tell you, I've spend probably over $100 of my own money for roblox because the other players pressure and bully those who don't have robux.
When you are 10 years old trying to play a game and have fun but you get called "noob" every time you get sick of it.
EDIT : Also I rarely ever see online dating in the game.
Adults don't know the difference between roleplay and online dating.
Trust me, after they leave the server they probably aren't ever gonna see their virtual family again.
Although, many naughty  users always try to break the rules.
Child predator are lurking happily in some family roleplay games (like Adopt Me!
Chat filter in ROBLOX are pretty strict.
Your child cant share their real name, age, birth date, and other personal info coz ROBLOX blocked any kind of numbers and real name, especially surname.
ROBLOX dont allowed online dating too.
Games that not  for kids:
Shower simulator, Dance Club, Dank Memes (if ur child has epilepsy dont allow them to play this), Rockfeller Meme 300 (epileptic warning), any horror games, Jeff The Killer, Granny, and Broken Bones IV (promote self harming by throwing yourself at the cliff and get XP)

However, if you want your child to became a gamemaker on ROBLOX.
The coding is kinda hard for kids, thats why ROBLOX Studio need Parental Guidance.
Thank you for understanding ROBLOX is not dangerous and safe for kids.
Vulgar language are mostly censored and replaced with "#".
Inappropriate pictures on items in the catalogue and the ads on the site will be checked and verified by ROBLOX Admins before they go up.
Also regarding scams, there are many games and sites for "Free" ROBUX, ROBUX is the currency used in ROBLOX and have to be purchased.
Targeting kids, these free ROBUX scams will bait them to give their username and password for their ROBLOX account and they will be hacked.
And sometimes if you don't have robux, you may get bullied mainly on Roleplay games.
And make sure your kids know not to trust players who type "Friend me for free robux" or anything related to free robux.
And the reason for monitoring your child for Roleplay Games is because children can give out personal information to possible predators.
Or your child might do inappropriate acts.
And you want to only let your kids give out personal information to only friends they know in real life.
The games within could be the problems, and sometimes even the players.
This game is not for any body for ANY age, that is super sensitive towards other people's actions.
Its also a place where people would break old relationships.
This can be serious and must be prevented before it happens.
I thought at first it sucked just because it was laggy until I realise it was my IPADS fault.
I worry about the game giving out my private crap but I make too many assumptions.
I don’t like when players in roblox and quick too judge about the way you look based on the view they see you on (their screen).
I also dislike when people think based on how many years you’ve played a game your the best or worst, you can go to school your HOLE life and come home knowing 1% of what the teacher actually said.
There is a currency called Robux, but some people get bullied for not having Robux.
I suggest ignoring those people and mind your business.
There are these things called “scam bots” that enter games and say “Go to this shady website for “free” Robux!” If you go to that website they will ask you for your username and password, so they can hack you.
DO NOT GO TO THESE WEBSITES!
There are however people that call others noobs, people who online date even though the rules say NOT to.
It's funny that even I found guests annoying and then regretted finding them annoying when they were removed.
I've seen reviews about parents complaining about "bad activity".
If you are suspicious of your childs act on the internet, MODERATE THEM.
Your children will criticize the fact that you don't care if they post extra information, Inappropriate activity, or even worse.
Would you really wan too talk to a 3 year old you cannot understand?
The website does include drugs, sex, and lots of violence.
The Parents don't seem to realize that Roblox does not make the games and Roblox is just a website.
The website is not a scam its only if your child asks all the time just for robux and premium, most of the scam games on the website are botted and get banned by like the next dayI'm only saying the Moderation in the chat can break sometimes and somebody will be able to curse.
The website does not contains sex unless somebody hacked its which haven't happened in 7 years.
The only time sex will be involed is if a game slipped pass the moderation, there is a hacker, or the player can be fricking and online dating.
Before you let your child play you need to 100% make sure you teach her or him to never give out personal infermation unless something is verififed and not a scam of a way somebody can kill you.
Roblox dont banned you for no reason by the way.
You will be banned for swearing,porn,drugs scams,hacking, and bullying.
I want most of the adult to read the kids review because the parents dont pay attention to the game just see and be like "OK THERE IS FRICKING AND SMOKING" And with the swearing alot of words get censord for no reason and some non bad words get censord too such as frick, heck and crap.
There is no support for developers.
My helicopter kit which is the most advanced on roblox continues to suffer leak attacks and contacting roblox about it has done nothing about it.
The only developer support is for front page games and developing on it might get you spare cash but they dont care about their smaller developers
I would give this a 5 star rating except the Roblox filters is kind of useless and they need to do better on their safety standards.
Sure their may be some violence depending on the game mainly pixelated gun violence but honestly it’s almost like nerf guns by that meaning they are not detailed and just add to the game.
Will keep young ones distracted for hours and parents can rest easy knowing children won’t pick up anything up off the game due to developers of the platform knowing the demographic.
This game called roblox is not a game in fact it's a platform for games.
Don't listen to negative parents because they don't know a simple thing aout roblox, parents will just see one bad thing and instantly go to this website and write hate about roblox.
Something parents don't know is that the games are user generated which means it's not the fault of the creators of the website.
If there is a bad thing you see in roblox then that just because the bad error is either trolling/joking or the person is a kid with horrible parents who don't supervise their kids.
Speaking of supervision you should make sure you suervise you kid otherwise they will do bad things.
There are games in roblox that can be about dating but let it be on the platform and don't let your kid play it because dating in a rule and the game will shut down in a few years.
Some people can say bad words in roblox but if you report them they will either get banned or get a warning.
If your the one who gets banned then just check the reason but if there is no reason then it's jist an accident but the accident is rare so don't worry.
Parents are very toxic about roblox because if you think about it not many parents watch their children and the kids do bad stuff which can make parents think it's a bad Ganesh.
yeah yeah, it can be a little dangerous with hackers and stuff, or your kids can play bad  games in it.
(to clarify, roblox bans these games instantly when they notice).
Instead of making your kid NOT play this game anymore if he experiences something bad, moderate him and don't be lazy.
ROBLOX can have a few inappropriate games but they are usually deleted in less than a day, there can be some intense violence but there are no realistic characters usually.
ROBLOX contains lots of spam such as clothing spam such as when you search "nike" you will get lots of expensive shirted named "NIKE NIKE NIKE NIKE NIKE NIKE NIKE" and so on so on, there are also scam bots that try to get you to go to fishy scam sites for "Free Robux".
One of the bad things is that the moderation can be awful at times such as getting terminated for a false reason, or getting banned for literally saying how are you, Roblox has said that they would be improving their moderation system.
For users under 13 I recommend setting your age when you sign up to anything over 13 as under 13 accounts have a system called "Safe chat" which doesn't actually make it any safer at all.
Unfortunately there is no single player mode except in Roblox Studio which is only on PC but if you play multiplayer you'll find online daters and people who make fun of you for not having roux calling you a noob even though noob means new player and you make an epic comeback but it gets censored and everyone makes fun of you for it so you report them but they don't get banned or even warned so you block them and they just make a new account and bully you on that one so you join another game but it was hack
There are people that online date, exploit, or  in the rarest cases, bully.
Also, to teens playing,  do not assume that somebody gained robux by stealing their mom’s   credit card.
But... the chat filter is just messed up.
Soo I saw a lot of ratings saying that they've been hack things like that.Roblox is a community platform so roblox isnt responsible at all if someone makes an inaproppiate game.But if they do they get banned.Also your kid/s is/are responsible what game they play and what they do or if lets say they make a game.They might get ban because there is a big chance that they used a model that has a ''virus''.I think roblox is a great game with a great community but watch out for dem stupids.You are welcome if this
It was good till then but slowly things changed at 2018 due to inappropriate stuff crisis which is still a problem for Roblox and also it became more toxic I am sure we all miss good old moments.
Stay away from games like Meepcity or ecc..
It became more boring in my opinion especially the polandball roblox trend is stupid.
The thing about these parents is they dont know ANYTHING about roblox, do you really think roblox allows swearing?
theyre kids just bypassing, i think you should actually look after your kid first.
to any parents reading this and have no idea of what the hell is going on in roblox let your kid play roblox, but keep watch.
Current describing words: bad, overrated, rotten.
However, over the years, more and more bad characters have targeted this game and caused the community to rot.
With many things to consider  before choosing to purchase Roblox, you may have a hard time.
This will leak into your bank account and steal money, in the form of what seems like a scam.
If your child chooses to report someone for say, hacking, the moderators will probably not do anything about it, for they are only interested in business related problems.
This certain game or platform has turned into a dating site.
Lot's of people, young and old, have made this into a dating site.
Since swearing is such a huge problems, the players have figured out ways to get around the filter.
Say 'three' is a bad word, the people could do this: th r ee,  or this: thr#e .
When it comes to actual bad words, people use single letters or abbreviations.
Violence brings use to our 5th and final con of the day.
The community can sometimes be toxic, just block them or again, disable their chat.
If the filter would not censor messages like "You have ## (30) seconds left."
(sentences with numbers except those that have a phone number), and "When ur so bad at ####### (speling (spelling*))" (sentences with misspelled words (because filtering them aren't fair or reasonable)).
[BC, TBC, or OBC are the old ones, which have been sadly wiped entirely out of the platform {:(}, so I don't need to explain it further to you.]
The moderation does work, while it make take a few weeks for people to get banned or temp banned it still does happen, also now that Roblox now has filtering enabled for all games (has been since 2018 I believe), which sadly breaks many old games, it limits what hackers are able to do

(sorry for bad grammar lol)
Some parents reviews complain about appropriateness in Roblox and the creepy old man stalker scenario but quite frankly, Roblox is a very censored game.
You cannot say numbers, bad words or anything that might be inappropriate there are ways around the ### blurring of these however really mostly people just want to say numbers.
People say that ODers can be 18-50 years old to do sexual things to children.
Then he said sexual, dirty things, like "goes deeper and faster" "f1lks harder" "f1lks p*ssy".
I didn't like it tho.
I heard this thing about a dude who would lure girls to this place, and it have nasty stuff, and he asks them to do porn roleplays.
Then bullying.
When you join a game, and you see people with Robux, they're gonna call you a noob.
And they say "No you're ugly" "Shut up noob".
"Go kys" When I was a noob, I got bullied when I played games sometimes on my old account.
People made fun of the way I looked.
And last, hackers and bots.
My old account got hacked because I was so stupid enough to say I wanted 100k Robux.
So the hacker hacked my account, and I couldn't get it back for 1-2 months, but don't worry, my friend has it now :).
Then these bacon noob bots keep coming to random games and say "i JuSt GoT tOnS oF rObUx oMG".
Like no one cares....
The parents are overreacting.
Roblox is a great game for kids, however I wouldn't recommend this game for kids under 10, I myself have played for three years, if this was a few years ago I would recommend it to younger kids, however over time the community has become a lot worse, people bypass the system of swearing, I myself have been hacked and had very valuable items stolen from my account, expect your kid to ask if they can buy something on this game, it'll eventually happen so make sure you are prepared to spend some money even tho
A lot of the bad side of the community are kids who are under the age of 10, they tend to do something called "roleplaying", a lot of the time it's online dating.
If you read this and are still planning on having a kid under 10 play this game, I do recommend supervising them, they are not mature enough for games that allow communicating to others.
A lot of the time this leads to them giving out details about themselves and them breaking many rules on the site.
i think dis game give me big brain
lololol 69
There is no drugs, alcohol, swearing, or the other stuff that is bad that parents say there is.
And it is not that violent.
If you're an overprotective parent who came over to Common Sense Media to see if this video game that your child keeps talking about is actually safe, then this review is for you.
First off, most of the top reviews in the parent's review section were from 2-3 years ago, when Roblox's chat filter wasn't the best.
I say 99.2% because in a VERY rare situation, some person will use a special character to fill in for a bad word.
This has only happened to me ONCE in the last 5 years that I have been playing Roblox.
The reason I say that is because parents were complaining that some games that their child was playing was disgusting, and they couldn't believe that Roblox moderators would allow this type of content.
You won't find too many of these games anymore, unless you REALLY try to find them.
Plus, I've never in my life have ever found or played a Roblox game that had "suggestive" themes in it.
Sure, Roblox moderation could be better at taking down games faster and banning people who say naughty things.
So it's very hard for Roblox moderators to look at every single report they get.
If you are a parent of a child and want to check if roblox is 
suitable for your children,it depends,fistly I have to admit that the moderation team is not so great,but on the other hand,can also help your child learn scripting,power his imagination,meet friends and play cool games!
The game is good, but what’s bad is the community.
Personally I have no problem with swearing, but there are people who are concerned about it and people find ways to get around tags and swear.
If your child doesn’t know cuss words then he/she probably won’t know what the missing spaces are (for example: b___h).
Some people also do sexual stuff, but there isn’t much so I don’t think there is a problem with this so far, but you should warn your kids to not give out their social media, adress and account password because there are scammers.
Please do note that not the whole community is bad.
Some games are more violent than others and some can contain explicit content due to immature role-players.
Just make sure they stay clear of sexual role players and violent games if you say your child is too young or immature to view that content.
The majority of the games are mediocre at best, but there always are outliers.
It's Due To Scammers And Rthro Packs.
Every negative parent review is just them overreacting.
- And also roblox is not responsible for your kid in any shape or form.
- And roblox can't moderate their website to your standard.
It's just impossible concidering that 10-20 people make an account in a minute

I have mostly looked into the game and found a ton of games that can be for 6 - 14 year old children.
Some have a sprinkle of violence.
But this is not a game.
The main reason it is 4/5 rather than 5/5 is because of how sometimes people get bullied, but it happens rarely, nearly never.
Alright, i believe my other review needs some updating, Roblox is a common target of the media and some parents in general just because people do not parent good and monitor their child or just do not teach their child online safety, Roblox overall is harmless its just some of the exploiters and people who try to bypass the filter who are a problem and btw they do not appear often (Usually games that have not updated anti cheat script), there are a few words that Roblox does not filter like the D---, Bada--
I also see a lot of bullying happening on roblox.
I know roblox is doing anything they can to prevent this, but it doesn’t seem to help.
Sure, it has its flaws, but every game has some problems to them.
And let me tell you Roblox is proof that online society is rotten.
Roblox is a platform and people can pretty much upload whatever they want and with anything involving that there is going to be things that are dark and inappropriate.
People send each other death threats and they curse and they online date.
When you go into a game you almost always hear ''123 for a bf/gf'' or '' go away noob''.
People curse and swear nonstop on this website and people hack games all the time!
I decided to play and it was fun at first but then all of a sudden the sky turned black and heavy metal music started playing and evil messages appeared everywhere.
And no matter where i turned in the game I saw scary looking faces floating around.
The game had to be shut down because of hackers.
Then i went into another game and people were cursing nonstop and they told me that i was a four year old little girl and that i should kill myself.
New players to the game are labeled noob and are made fun of and you get called ''bacon hair noob'' by ''pros'' who have expensive clothing and accessories.
There is a lot of profanity on this website and people find ways to bypass the language filter by using numbers or symbols and I have been called very hurtful things on this website and it caused me to become severely depressed.
And roblox is VERY greedy for money.
And moderators on the website ignore reports.
Stay away from roblox because it is a very bad game with a lot of bad mean people on it.
Keep your kids away from it.
DO NOT JOIN ROBLOX.
Roblox's community I can tell you I beg to differ.
While a majority of it is good, the bad part can be rotten and make you feel like you live in a trash bag.
Not to mention horny 5 year olds want to get spicy at you every chance they get.
Also Roblox will never charge you unless it's Robux or a Premium membership.
"Now i'm not saying there still going to see bad things because people go out of there way to bypass the chat but it will still block numbers, curse words, and other stuff."
But please AVOID playing games likes boy and girl hangout or life in paridise, because these games contain severe counts of online predators.
Like some other kids and even parents that play this game all know a lot of other parents and kids over react about this game over ONE THING!
ALWAYS bound to be some creepos and swearing but there IS moderation there to delete any pornography and ban or terminate (Perm-Ban) these kinds of people.
!” And about that there IS chat moderation to hashtag (#) swear words and for kids many ‘bad’ words.
Though for kids ROBLOX takes it a bit too far to tagging innocent numbers for a question like “How many flags did you get” to a kid and the kid will most likely respond with “###” or “#” when the kid really said “One” or “1” causing kids to be creative in order to say these numbers.
Because of being user generated, there can be some violence but people just either ragdoll or break apart into pieces as they are like lego people and dont have the blood or gore you might be thinking of.
Some people CAN make the blood is they want to, but it is usually too much work so the idea is usually dropped.
However, most of these are violent in a cartoony way.
Parents shouldn't be able to get mad at ROBLOX itself for a game that involves sex, drinking, or stuff like that.
However, this also means players have the ability to make games about that stuff, and the moderation is not the best.
Last time when i was playing roblox my friend sent me a msg if i do want to play a game called "brutal battle", i agreed to play with him, i joined him and the game was already brutal, blood, violence, and weapons, and disgusting sounds.
No matter what happens, do not give your password, that's the ONLY way they can hack you.
The reason I put a Safety and Privacy concern, is because children sometimes easily fall to a scam.
DO NOT BLAME ROBLOX FOR THIS.
Finish the survey, its a waste of time and does nothing.
Bad things could happen.
The community is starting to be filled up with adults, if somebody tries to "date" or be a GF, or BF, Don't, its more than likely an adult trying to get your information.
Or annoying.
Just don't let kids play games named like "Lost", "Club instanity".
if they just put 13+, they may just see some annoying things.
Want to burn somebody's house down?
Now, you might have read other moms and 6 year olds say that 'its inopropreate'  or 'its tries too take my money'.
Dont listen.
Yes, there is the occasional rude person but just leave the game.
Triggered parents saying trash about roblox and dumb kids being brainwashed by their parrnyd4 that is bad Xd
WRONG!
I mean, what kind of behavior is this!!
How dare they think the world should be a better place and we should nurture it instead of kill it!!
HOW STUPID!
The reason I say 7 and up is because theres a lot of scam bots.
I keep seeing a lot of negative reviews that seem to have incorrect information, so I'm here to try and help.
A lot of people have said it is inappropriate or violent so I'd like to address that.
Roblox makes sure players know it's not allowed to online date people.
As for violence I do agree that some games have some violent gameplay or topics like guns or zombie apocalypses but it's up to you to monitor your child and let them know what not to play.
There are games where you spend Robux and then what you bought doesn't work but these games are easy to spot out as they are poorly made with not much effort.
There are also games that ask you to enter your username and password and then the game says it will give you free Robux but it actually steals your account but Roblox deletes those really fast.
1:If someone says Abc or (123) for a bf or gf or just starts trying to online date DECLINE it because they might do inappropriate stuff or they might be a pedophile.
2:Do NOT go to something suspicious:Ok if you see something like FREE ROBUX NOT SCAM WORKS!!
Do NOT go to them they usually have the opposite

3(last!
): Do not go to any website links:Ok sometime there will be website links on chat and elsewhere if you see them they can scam or take you to inappropriate website so do NOT trust them (unless you know where it leads lol) 

Hope this helped :D
A lot of parents worry because of one person.
Others parents worry because of the whole abc for a hot gf.
If you are worrying because of violence they are plenty of games where its doesnt have it.
The top game as of now (oct 20 2019) doesnt have voilence!
Its a bit broken you can only buy it not earn it but most people dont care if you dont have robux.
Of course there will be reviews saying that ROBLOX is horrible, for many different reasons, but there isn’t much on ROBLOX’s side to blame.
Of course, with any game, they’ll most likely be people swearing, there is a report feature in which you can report said user, and ROBLOX moderation will address them.
There is a whole variety of games on ROBLOX, and yes, some do contain violence, but on my experiences with these games, they aren’t very graphic.
I do have a younger sibling, which does get frustrated at some games, but like any decent parent should do is take charge, and tell them that they aren’t ready for that game, and to switch to something else.
There aren't any other ones like it.
Most of the parents who call the game '18+' don't know what they are talking about.
It wouldn't be their fault if something that the child doesn't like comes on screen.
My only problem with the game is that sometimes the child will come across 'Robux', and spend the parent's money on this in-game currency.
If you ever come across a Roblox user being nasty, the best thing to do is report that user, and the admins will check these reports and deal with the user.
in that game and he will call you a noob.But this is not the only reason.He can also call you a noob by your character which i will get in at billing.If he says anything worse that noob,and by this I mean swear words.They will be censored.A lot of things are censored in ROBLOX,anything offensive will just pop up as hashtags,sometimes even numbers so they can prevent people to tell someone else their address.
And 3.Online Dater (This person will try to bring you on a date in game.And he can go pretty deep with it with the risk of getting banned.This is  the only other reason from billing that i  put the age 9 and above because I personally think that kids lower that 9 will probably not understand to not go on online dates and not spend money.So tell your kid to not go on online dates.Usually its not a pedophile tho,its probably just a bored kid trying to date someone.)
4.Moderation
Moderation is pretty not good in ROBLOX.If you report them there is a really really low change they will get banned.Now this cannot really affect the safety/fun of your child but it is still worth mentioning.If a game is trying to scam people by tricking them into putting their password in and getting their account lost,that game will be banned.
Now onto the negative stuff.
The first bad thing is they removed guest!
(You can still play it on mobile) I don't know why they removed guest but idc (Rip guest 2006 - 2017) The second bad thing is you can bypass the filter very easily!
Like example f*** you can just say f*** to bypass the filter like comon roblox.
The third bad thing is the front  page is "sometimes" botted by exploiters!
The fourth and last bad thing is there are alot of exploiters and bugs on roblox!
They have free exploits, paid exploits like synapse x or spero (does are examples) Which is ILLEGAL on roblox.
It is great but there is some bad side of roblox too.
I mean, if you're going to report someone for whatever wrong thing they did, don't expect them to be banned right away.
The mods gotta look into it and find out if the accusations are true or not, but sometimes they may not do anything about it, I don't know to be honest.
Next, is to all the parents out there, watch what your child is playing, 'cause there can be some bad stuff on ROBLOX.
There're games that'll try to steal your account and ask for your account password for Robux(game currency), and there are games that'll show pornographical things, but games like those, you can report and ROBLOX will take it down fast.
I could tell you all the good things on ROBLOX, but 1, I won't, and 2 I need to go to bed.
Sorry if this didn't make any sense, it's just that I'm tired, and I'm trying to fit everything I could think of in this paragraph.
If you do something inappropriate, you will be warned, banned for a couple of days, or banned forever.
cursing, the message would be censored by hashtags (#), which can be annoying, since the system also censors any spelling mistake, or numbers.
Some people will bully you if you don't have robux or premium (eg.
calling you a noob), but you should also ignore that since it is quiet harmless.
There is also 'scam games' (that ask you to put in your password) or scary games (such as Granny or Jeff the Killer), which you should not allow your child to play.
Also, there are these users that are called online daters, which you should also ignore or report.
Of course throughout your experience there will be some bad things if there are bad pictures or human genitals it's usually the cause of the fact that you or your child SPECIFICALLY searched for that topic.
The last thing I will rate is the Consumerism, the prices are quite fair keep in mind this is A FREE game so any of the parents thinking that this game is secretly taking or hacking into your bank account for money it's not.
Online dating is basically dating in real life, however, this is against Roblox ToS (Terms of Service) so instead of lashing at the game, supervise your children or if you're a kid reading this review don't be surprised when you get banned for a couple of days.
Most parents think that this website has too much pornographic things or too much violence etc.
I disagree.
All of the games that i've played have none of those qualities, if you don't want your child to play those type of games, then what are they searching up to find the games in the first place?
Considering most parents talk about what they've read, they don't understand that there is a 13+ mode which can block out rude words and there is a block system which allows you to be deafened  from them (They cannot talk to you).
If your child gets involved with this activity, try to stop them right away.
This means that others create games, this also comes with It's share of bullying, scam etc.
I have no clue why everyone is saying Roblox is a bad and inappropriate game?
Yes, I agree, that the moderation is NOT the BEST.
all u parents are overreacting lmfao just because it shows innapropiate related content doesnt make the game bad.
its called communitys and its not roblox themselves.
ALSO ALSO the game has many lets say "glitches" and they release bad updates.
To be honest, if you don’t want your kid playing online and chatting, you can disable communications in the settings, it won’t keep them off online servers.
(There’s a lot of scammers too)
I think Roblox is for bigger kids between 10-15, little kids can maybe handle Roblox but some bad words can bypass the filter.
The bad parent review's are just the parents being bad parent's by not moderating the child, don't blame it on the game, and not the child either.
Blame it on the parent's.
ROBLOX does have it's up's and down's, as there are some bullies scattered across the games, if your child does get bullied, the parent's should step in, or the child can just join another server.
All I wanted to say is that the bad parent review's are just fake, and that they are just bad parents by not moderating their children.
When someone swears on this game, they are banned and there is a chatroom filter in games for players that are under 13 years of age.
Children can report players if the hack, and try to swear.
Parents, let your children play this game.
uhh its ok but it has Too much violence
Too much sex
Too much swearing
Too much consumerism
Too much drinking/drugs/smoking
Safety and privacy concerns yeah so uhh yeah its also run by russians and they are trying to track your every move and also teach kids about communism and make them nazis and if you make an account your personal credit card will be stolen by comrades.
ad did u know that he actually recute russian soldiers to hunt down people with last name as "edward higgleton the VIII"and at the end he ended up racking up 10 dubs with his buds and 1.32 million people getting yeeted.
OMG parents put 18+ cause of "porn" i think thats dumb.
some games have violence and blood but its not overboard (i play rdr2) those sex games are so unpopular and i thinnk roblox moderates chat to much!
There are toxic people but u can block them and if its bad just report them
Sometimes it will have annoying/mean people.
They will most likely get a punishment.
It’s weird how 
I’ve been playing since 2008 and I’ve only ever encountered the inappropriate stuff that everyone is always complaining about a handful, of times.
Maybe they just didn’t raise me to be soft?
That’s not what that is.
Roblox’s censorship is so broken, that it'll censors stuff like numbers, or just really random stuff like for example leg, or chair, or TONS of other really weird and out there words.
The only thing I’ve really encounter on the game that people are complaining about are violent games.
Roblox isn’t made for five year olds, there’s gonna be violence dude.
Do NOT let your child talk and spread infomation about themselves online..
Negative: Hackers, swearing, unsafe, influencing kids to do bad things or even waste money on robux can be a waste of time because you could be doing other things.
(I used to play but now I find this game quite boring)
Yes,there are plenty of different games and items that you can buy,but the main problem here is the robux system:most of the games offer you 'game passes' or the monetary system in the said game,that you need to pay whit the robux,which requires real money,and it's a shame,since some kids cannot even afford buying them because some parents are afraid to place their credit card information for obvious reasons.
It's pretty obvious that Roblox continues to a game with loads of critizism.
There have been report of incident in this game where there is safety and privacy and you have to pay for everything!
Gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg
Roblox is a fun game but there are child predators everywhere.
But you can go to your account settings and change it to where  the chat is disabled, no one can send friend requests, you can even block bad people whenever you want.
My son (age 12) was abused harassed and beaten to death in game by a violent gang of cholos.
He was playing horror tycoon i think it was called when this gang of cholos went up to him and started harassing him and destroyed his property so he tried to fight back.
The cholos went back to him after he had gathered his feelings and began to beat him senseless,they then proceeded to rape his corpse and fuck his brains out.
He had nightmares about cholos the next four nights.
TRULY DISGUSTING.
Parents are always saying that roblox is full of paedophiles and kids should delete it too, if you don't want your kids to chat; go to settings and turn off the chat so they can't type in it.
The only problem with this game is that people will be rude to you and cause fights all the time in the chat.. but roblox can't solve that.
Worst game.
IM NOT ALLOWED TO HAVE FUN.
I guess it's just me but I've been noticing that alot of fat kids play this garbage and they act like they got "bars" as in rapping.
But once you play Roblox you'll see alot of bs.
Although if you find people doing bad stuff they will more likely get band eventually remember Roblox has thousands of players the moderaters can’t find the people that break rules all that easy.
okay the damn soccer mom let me speak to you're manager karens can go duck them self in a ditch.
i've been playing since i was like 11 yes there are some salty kids but most of them are like 8 year old trying to look cool yes there is some bad games on there but there hard to get on them  you can find discord groups that make them and send like but there only on the site for 10 minutes max sor STFU karen I HOPE YOU'RE ANTI VAXS KIDS DIE
I find it so funny how parents can't be bothered to do the actual research; for example, they blame it on the team for the "horrible moderation" when they're literally 1 BILLION registered users, with 100 MILLION MONTHLY BEING ACTIVE meanwhile there's only around 100 employees at Roblox, not all of them being moderators, keep in mind.
There's honestly no common-sense about any of the bad parent reviews.
Just calm yourself down, and actually do some research otherwise it will come off as slander.
Three fourths of the parents here are overreacting.
A lot of you guys are looking at the worst things that happen here.
I don’t understand why half the people are overreacting, teach your child to maybe not get involved into inappropriate scenarios instead of dumping on the game as a whole.
roblox isnt supposed to be violent, people make it seem like it is violent, by making violent games like phantom forces, its just wrong that parent reviews say 10+, it was supposed to be an online learning platform for all ages, devs started ruining our hopes and dreams by making blood and gun models, i say its 9+ because us kids are meant to learn with games like roblox, i think they should ban the violent game devs and start the 9+ nation back up again!
I played ROBLOX since in 2012 i played ROBLOX which i found it quite  fun,it was good when there were tix,no idiots judging others,now what the fuck is here?Bunch of morons saying shit to others because of their avatar?ROBLOX just now wants money in his big fat mouth,all people with 0 ROBUX get raped by some ODer,now about moderation system.Moderators are bots actually,if you sent a report there is like 1% chance of player getting banned since they automatically ignore that report,When you die you fall apar
If your child lies about there age being 13+ , you can easily change it under 13 years old.
And about those Inappropriate games they get deleted in 6 or less hours.
SO STOP COMPLAINING (I’ve been on roblox since 2016).
My mom thought it made you dumber.
BUT there are some problems.
Sometimes you come across some.....Bad games?
There are a lot of violent games on Roblox, horror games are a new thing on Roblox, games that have S**, smoking, people that are swearing, and even people scam you for your Roblox account...
I KNOW PEOPLE BULLY YOU.
Just do /mute ______ OR go into the settings and turn on safe chat(It sucks)...About the bullying thing, people without robux happen to bully you(Or trolls) and when you look at the robux pricing, it's pretty expensive!
There has only been 2 cases of pedophiles that I know of on Roblox.
Like I have seen some reviews from parents saying that the game is innapropiate seeing naked "Lego" characters like wtf if the characters had innapropiate parts it would been innapropiate and welcome to the internet newcomers seems like you parents do not know about the internet you know that sometimes it has ads that are porn and stuff and like there is 1% chance that there would be a pedo in roblox like you cannotput numbers in the chat or bad words because it will censor IT and this game is gold please u
I’m a 3 year player and I think Roblox is not what adults think it is.
The only problem I have with this game is all the scam games and bots.
The only way to make games on roblox though, is unfortunately on PC.
Starting with "Adult Content", the only way you can get to adult content is if you play shady games or games like Void Script Builder, Next, trolls are in every game, stop saying the game is bad because of them.
Then, there is cursing, usually it's never a problem except when someone purposely tries to bypass the filter which is when of course when you are playing shady games!
You don't get banned or scammed from the game for no reason either.
Gettings banned happens when  you upload or do something wrong on the platform.
I mean seriously, read the TOS if you are wondering why you've been banned, because, it tells you what is considered wrong to upload or to do.
Of course hacking happens in every game, but, please if someone is hacking in your game just join a different server.
Scamming is a yes, there is a lot of people who are trying to scam you.
The simple solution to this is just don't press on the links that they send you.
The only real problem of Roblox would be consumerism.
You can't get any of their currency or makes hats and clothing without "Premium".
There has been some games that are violent, there are chat filtering.
If you don't want your child changing their account settings, or want to lock it.
the cons are : the roblox filter system is not that good tho.
they are a LOT of bots and its not good.
and a lot a scams.
theres so many online daters and too many people swearing.
By the way I was not paid to say this
Cons:
- Insane prices charged for in-game items that require website currency to buy.
No way to get said currency without being able to code if you're not willing to purchase it.
- Hackers, exploiters, online daters, and plenty of other cheaters, but this mainly depends on what game you're playing.
- Players can be extremely toxic at times and/or are prone to calling anyone who is better than them in some way a "noob" ( a newbie, or person who can't play well, for those who don't know what that means).
I'd downright say some are flat out cyberbullies.
The first two or three are fun enough, but it gets stale fast.
- While improved upon, chat in games is randomly censored for some stupid reason, which can make it hard to communicate with other players.
- Even the non-clicker, non-grind games tend to get boring enough after you hit 13 or 14.
If a user can be proven to have violated terms of service to such a high extent, such as hacking, they will be banned for sure.
I'd suggest just waiting for some events for free clothes/gear, though, as it's not really worth it (in my opinion, anyway) to buy clothes that cost money (especially not player-made ones, as they tend to be extremely overpriced).
Overall rating: 6.84/10
Consensus: Trying to find a needle or two, but they're in a haystack, and they are the same color as hay...and without access to a magnet.
I've seen the parent reviews that say pornographic pictures and videos are being sent on the chat.
That MUST be fake!
Roblox does NOT allow videos/ images to be sent in ANY chats.
The only way for that to happen is by clicking on a link which takes you OUT of the site.
And if pedos and perverts slide into your DMs?
You just unfriend them and turn off chat.
And players get scammed ALL THE TIME.
(robux also cost money but aren't needed to play.)
Sometimes people will "OD"(online date) which is frowned upon from most of the Roblox community.
They are also many scams our there.
Then there are exploiters who basically break games and stuff like that.
NEVER give out any personal information to online strangers.
If someone is cursing or doing bad things, switch servers or play a entire different game on Roblox.
Always tell them to report people if they do something bad or mean to them and then leave the game and play something else.
It's kinda violent so avoid violent games if your kid is in kindergarten or stuff.
It really doesn't matter about age, it's more about if your kid is frightened about stuff like that.
You see, there's game that have sex, cursing, violence, not good for kids stuff.
If your child wants to play this game, teach him about the dangers and whats on the web.
Give him the whole dang explanation!
There are people who do not so nice things E.G.
paedophiles and scammers but most have learnt how to stay away from them from YouTuber's videos.
In a bad way they can play it so much they might not do any homework because they can get so addicted.
Parents like to complain about innapropriate stuff on roblox like it's common but it's actually rare and most of the innapropriate stuff on roblox has to be searched up to find and they talk about how the internet safety is bad but the parents are at fault for not teaching their kids basic internet safety as if everything and everyone on roblox should be good well welcome to the internet parents Roblox does definitely have it's flaws but nothing's perfect and it's just crazy how people call roblox violent i
On the other hand, there are a lot of scams and account stealing content on ROBLOX.
DO NOT, and I repeat DO NOT let your child click on fishy or dangerous links.
Also, if something says "FREE ROBUX," it will not give you/your child free ROBUX.
There is a bit of swearing and the reporting system is completely and utterly awful, so just leave if somebody cusses.
Very bad.
It's very annoying, every single day you experience at least 1 exploiter.
This causes violence, which they can use scripts to kill you, or else make your character and his character do sex.
It's very bad.
Then, you mostly encounter players who like to bypass the chat filter like I((F U C K))O!!!
and it isn't safe for children.
About the violence, it includes GUNS and STABBING through the NECK.
It's unbelievably bad.
NEVER let your kids play this.
Cyberbullying is also almost recieved daily, players bully you if you use free items and don't have robux.
Players like to bully these kinds of players that don't change their avatar and then they just think they can bully your kids.
But there's another problem.
And that is.. Scammers.
Scammer bots are all over comment sections in roblox and are asking bla bla bla go to (something).gg which children can easily believe and get their account stolen.
But the exploiters are still a problem (sex, violence, swearing, drugs and smoking.
I highly recommend you prevent your kids from playing it if you don't want your kids to learn about this stuff.
The community has really not become better Than in 2014-2015 days.
But, If you keep Your kid away from creepy, really violent and blood games.
Some People Can be bullies and/or annoying against Your child.
Other than that (and the bad filter, like why cant you say “you”?)
There is only one problem.
There are a few games like blood flow, that I think are not suitable for kids  and should be content deleted.
This game can get violent.
If you play some of the zombie games for example, the zombies explode into a pool of blood.
Not all that graphic, but there is a lot of blood.
So-mo shots to the head, and after the people were shot, they squirmed like a deer, shot with a 260 Remington.
Other games also can have bad messages, or even cussing.
ROBLOX

Swearing
Swearing get moderated so don’t worry parents, the only words that 12+ can say is “wth”, “tf”.
Sexual References
None, if there is report and block them.
Scams/Hacking
There is no hacking, but lots of scam.
Tell you children the ignore the temptation and just report and block them.
I have to say, I am REALLY angry right now!
IMMEDIATELY they all turned on him and started saying really terrible things, like that he should kill himself or how they hope he gets raped.
What HORRIBLE things to say to a CHILD on a child's game!
But that's not even the worst of it: The next morning, he tried to log on and found out that he had been reported.
They had mercilessly bullied him and then Roblox punished the victim.
Please keep your children away from this TOXIC ENVIRONMENT!
Which apparently has no safeguards like a swear filter or even competent moderators.
Many people sees Roblox as a platform as dangerous for kids or it encourages bullying and harrasment but it isn't Roblox's fault, its  the
Parents.
The sad thing on Roblox is their moderation.
Within the pass few months, roblox is being filled with lots of botted games that includes copied games or scam sites that steals your child's account also, Roblox's moderation system worsen within the years  and this could mean kids can harrass  people and send out personal info without Roblox noticing it.
If you are a parent and hate this game for any reasons such as "violent games" than there is a way to block the violent games in settings
But now I cant even say fucking numbers.
Jeez roblox, what have you become.
The game can get out of hand sometimes.
One problem with the game however is that there are people who make bots which are robots and these robots send links to young children that take them to websites that claim to give free robux and all it does is that it will ask for your password and username so it can send you free robux and these are fake instead of getting robux you get hacked.
The   bot problem Roblox and the Roblox community have been trying to keep bots away from Roblox for the past 2-3 years.
So long story short in order for your child to be safe on Roblox don’t be a dumb parent and not monitor your child and teach them internet safety.
Only that now all my friends quit and there's not many games to play anymore that are actually fun.
Sure, there’s a minority of the game population who swears, and do bad things on the game, but that’s just the internet for you.
People who do things like that will be banned.
They probably will only check the logs once or twice a day, but seriously, the game does NOT revolve around violence and sex and smoking cigarettes.
I’m very annoyed with the tons of bad reviews on the game, but most of them are just bots and people who are just getting very angry about a tiny minority of the population.
Parents, if you’re concerned about your child on Roblox, how about sitting down and parenting them instead of expecting a game to do it for you.
Most of the words that are perfectly fine are getting hashtags.
If you dont fix it the roblox chat will be made only out of hastags and it will be no possible way you can chat properly.
5 STARS FROM ME
But that does not mean you should not fix that chat filter.
Now, onto the other side… Now there can be bad people on Roblox that bot Roblox players to make their game on the games page.
These "bots" look alike and have weird and suspicious names like "Sx45C67xfWoP".
Just to name a few, here is where parents REALLY target Roblox as "bad" or "violent".
Also, check out ChloeGames and looks at all the dumb stuff some of you parents look at, it's funny.
I have 2 things to say though:

- Chat sensors are pretty broken like under 13s are banned being able to say numbers but there is regularly bypasses like '95inch' or '2016uw'.
I just wish the chat filter wasn't so complicated.
They tag out simple words like dissapointed.
There are rude people in the game and creepy people, but I found a solution to that problem.
But some games (not all) have blood, swearing and fighting.
PLEASE SET YOUR CHILD'S REAL BIRTH DATE BECAUSE THE FILTER IS REALLY BAD FOR 13+ USERS.
It may have mean people but they're just trolling and don't let them get to you
Don't give personal information to people on roblox.
To all of the parents complaining about Online Daters, Inappropriate content, or anything else, please monitor your children.
There can be games that are inappropriate, but mostly its just blocks.
There can be toxic people and bullies but just leave the server and rejoin another one by selecting [Servers] tab under [Play] button and look for another server that you want to join.
I need to get one thing straight before this, a lot of people are overreacting about this website.
But no game is perfect, so their is negatives.
A lot of Hackers/Exploiters.
A no-brainer at this point, any game that has a community, has hackers, i'd suggest just reporting the player and joining a new server, problem solved.
Moderation can get clunky.
Often times, the Moderation System can go out of wack and ban the wrong people or not properly deal with rule breakers, this is mostly due to Roblox using bots to assist moderation, because a team of moderators can't handle thousands of reports every minute, the bots deal with basic stuff like chat filter bypassing pretty well, but other things not so much.
3.Toxic communities, remember when I talked about how Roblox has plently of communities?
Again, a clear no-brainer that some communities can get toxic.
Communities such as The Streets, Baton Rogue, The Condo (The Condo community has died down a lot due to Roblox cracking down on it.)
All the reviews on here are very outdated.
So I ask my friend's if they wanted to go a different server cause this was out of control.
Parents should know it have negative comments, violence, s*x, somethings and some games people act like a cup of grape juice is wine or a cup of orange juice is beer which it is kinda weird, and I have been playing about 3 years and never saw a piece of drug at a game.
Roblox is a good game some parents think oh its so bad don't let your kids play it a man showed up to my house oh no
look Roblox don't let you say numbers unless your 13 then you can say numbers but not to people who are under the age of 13 
also if your afraid of your credit card number being in Roblox hands just buy a Robux gift card its easy
its very rare to be in a game with a bully or a swearing toxic kid
also a thing about Robux you can make a good character with out them and for some event you can ge
Ofcourse they might be rude people but where in the internet and ur children can get exposed to anything.
As lots of parents/kids have said that the game is littered with swear words, bypasses and sex releated subjects, these are considered to be false.
Although you could bypass the swear  system, it is almost unrecognizable.
Roblox Corp. does remove sex related games created by other people as fast as they can as they do not mean to have these games up for children to see, Roblox do not create the games that you child plays.
A team of developers called 'Badimo' used their robux from a game they made called 'Jailbreak' and converted it in to real life money.
If you look at the other reviews of ROBLOX on this website, you might not be too pleased with the reviews and not let your child play.
Those reviews just see the bad side of it.
I have seen my fair share of profane and rude players, but for the most part it’s just friendly kids hoping for a pleasant video game experience.
Other then the chat system.... that's the main focus of why I gave it a 4 star instead of 5, the chat system is getting badder and tagging more words every single day it seems like soon enough, the whole English and Spanish and other languages will be tagged out....
Although  they might have a lot of spammers, exploiters, and toxic people, but there is always gonna be that one kid who will ruin the experience, that's why they have report systems and all that, if you even feel like it, join a diffrent server.
Now admittedly at this point of Roblox they didn’t have all that good chat filtering and reporting systems but I still experienced some weird stuff.
I learned about a lot of stuff children should NOT know.
I know that servers used to be hacked constantly and hackers would post disturbing images or nude pics.
Not to mention the pedophiles on the site that I was too stupid of a kid to know about but looking back they said a lot of weird stuff.
Honestly Roblox should be for teenagers only.
Roblox is not a game.
This is something most of my friends (and most people in general) do not understand.
The problem is, like every community, not everyone is friendly.
In Roblox there some aggressive players who will sometiems approach you and make fun of you, or people who will just give you a bad time in general.
But that's not it.
There are coutnless scammers, scam bots (automated accounts that will try to get your account hacked) and you can very rarely encounter a pedophile (I've not encountered one in four years).
There are some horror games that usually contain blood or other thigns inappropriate for children bellow the age of 13. there are also, sadly inappropriate games and scam games, such as games containing sex or games that will get your account hacked.
I am sorry for any spelling errors or bad grammar but I am not English.
Unfortunately there are a lot of Robux-only things, however they're not necessary to enjoy the game.
Most of these reviews are very old it seems, as ROBLOX is very nudity-free and swear free and i haven't seen stuff like they describe in over 8 years of playing ROBLOX.
I've been playing Roblox since 2013 and I recently quit the game because my account was deleted for something I didn't even do.
I spent over $300 and the admins do not care and rejected my appeal saying I was correctly terminated.
I am done with this game and I have moved on from it.
To anyone currently playing the game, I advise you to NOT purchase any Robux, or BC, even if you don't like how your current avatar looks.
Now this may not be good for your kid if he has never ever been exposed to any form of blood or virtual death and taught its fake, but its a pretty good game if you can handle it, there are some  bad games on it such as the Condo but the entire game isnt bad some games have blood and death but thats all, and if you have safe chat cuss words willl be tagged out unless sombody by passes it some way.
The players also may bully you if you use an avatar that looks like you play on games with ODers or online daters.
Which if you are reading this and decided to play roblox these are scams.
Adults are overreacting that roblox is an explicit place.
so when I was playing this game yesterday I was playing some rap battle game, when I was playing this game some random guy started cussing it was a weird font so it didn't block it, I told him to stop but he really didn't I tried reporting him but I know that never does anything, and he kept cussing and im pretty sure there was some little kids in the game asking their parents what those meant and started repeating them, and probably getting into trouble.
so if your child asks for this app and they are under the age of hmmmmm 9/10 I think you should probably say no.
These people get banned very quickly.
Some of the games have bad things in it, but get taken down quickly too.
Parents should watch over their kids when they are playing Roblox if something goes wrong, such as somebody swearing.
However, the most annoying thing for under 13 users is probably safechat.
It also blocks numbers, and might block words like "ok" for no actual reason.
It even blocks out my Name, which is Kinda rude.
There is also groups that require you to not have safechat/Be over 13 which is unfair, since Roblox is for any age.
There might also be "Rich" people (Usually people who have a lot of Robux) bullying new players or as they call them "noobs" which basically means a new player but sometimes in a rude way.
There are some games where online dating is basically a trend, but most of the Online Daters are getting banned from the games, however, not from Roblox.
I think today you need to spend a lot of money on Roblox to kinda be satisfied, they take 3% of every time you buy stuff, or donate to someone, they also made Robux more expensive.
this is defintly no kid's game.
Language is mild: the only ones are: d**n, sucker, doum, etc.
A few points to consider before you are brainwashed by reviews that only make you turn to other games:

1) The parents never mention that there is an easy way to prevent disgusting behaviour and swearing.
2) There is just downright slanderous information.
Roblox is against Robux Generators (which are scams by the way).
They can have viruses, but not the Roblox Player!
I have a virus!"
just to defame the game.
Lemme guess, just wanna defame Roblox.
Kids do not equal fools.
a) That is most probably fake
           b) Even if he did, you should have monitored your child

All in all, great game!
There has been some games that are violent, there are chat filtering.
If you don't want your child changing their account settings, or want to lock it.
But some people make fun of people because they have no robux,kids want robux but you have to pay.
Sometimes it asks you to buy stuff with money which is a little annoying.
I am 13 and when I was 10, I saw people having $ex in Roblox and I just straight up quit.
I came back and they banned the word "something."
Also, somebody called me a "female dog," but the curse word.
If I had to complain, Robux is "required" in order to get stuff on the website.
This is bad for kids who's parents don't give them money for the game.
Though through the years of its development, some older and more mature players who began to script and build some very inappropriate content, which with some of the hacks players made it have discovered, has led to some parents suddenly concerned for their child's safety and their eyes.
I

can tell you this, if you don't want your kid to see a pink dick as a weapon, then monitor on what they play.
There are a bunch of OD'ers (we call them Online Daters) that somehow find those sexual games and get into it.
Some games may have "18+" or "13+" in the name but ignore that, usually that is false.
The content that sometimes is shown is all caused by talented scripters who wedge their creations into the game and 
the language is somehow bypassed.
if you dont buy any robux i have seen people who did not buy anything and are getting bullied.
also there is online dating and cursing.
ROBLOX blocks swear words fine, but some people manage to find ways to swear.
If you're worried about your kids finding or saying rude things you should disable their ability to chat to others in settings.
Note that some games try to overprice their gamepasses which means you can buy your kids $30 worth of ROBUX and they waste it on something that they don't even want.
As far as safety goes, some games allow players to have admin which means they can change the 'Decal' which are pictures on walls to something absolutely disgusting (Pornographic photos) I, myself have experienced this once and never want to again, if you are worried your child will see something like this, make sure they only play games from the "Games" section and not search anything up.
Another problem I have found is hackers, some games can easily be hacked and can do things such as Pornographic Actions.
There are also many ROBLOX Trolls, many teenagers try to take advantage of children and trick them into doing something or even donating their in-game currency to them.
That's all I have to say to all the parents getting mad at roblox it's not there fault for you not teaching your kid right and wrong!
I believe that Roblox does have flaws but everything has flaws.
I am growing up with Roblox’s moderation isn’t the best but you shouldn’t judge Roblox until you have seen the full thing.
I've seen many bad reviews on this website regarding this game.
However, many of these reviews have points that are super outdated, have been fixed, or are just... terrible.
Now, I don't know where to start.
One of the biggest faults for younger players is parents not being responsible for their childs actions on the game.
Many people complain about the moderators not working hard enough, but you need to remember that those people have lives to, so they cant just stay up 24/7 reading around 1000+ reports every day.
yes it is a community created game (which means the players create the games/content) so there will always be some kids creating bad things, But the Roblox banning system if fast for that purpose.
one instance that happened to me was that i was playing an obstacle course game and it shut down saying it had been updated.
I then re joined the game to see inappropriate stuff everywhere but only 10 seconds after i joined the game had been removed.
it may look harmless but its NOT.
child predators and little kids turned into online daters.
But some things in this game is oof innapropiate.
And robock cost a lot of money.
The chat system needs some work to.
Also alot of the games are violent.
I HATE ODER ON MEEPCITY THEY MIGHT BE YOUNG TO DATE IF I SEE SOMEONE DATE AGIAN I WILL CONTACT ROBLOX
Unless your kid goes out of there way to see sexual content, There wont be any.
Everyone saying they saw these types of games or images wasn't watching their child enough clearly, Because you cant play any games that even have the possibility of players exploiting them to put sexual content in game UNLESS when signing up, The kid put their information as over 13.
The only thing that could possibly happen is 2 players  "online dating", which can easily be prevented if the guardian would watch the kid when they set up the account.
The way the game is portrayed is very unfair.
Somebody hacked into her account and used her information to take the stuff we bought for her.
Roblox said they wouldn’t do anything and we got no help.
The workers are no help and the game has a lot of grown adults playing, I wouldn’t recommend using it.
There are some problems though.
Online Daters: ODers aren’t that bad only if they go TOO far.
Bullies: There are bullies but just don’t take them seriously, they’re pathetic losers.
Scams: DONT TRUST ANY LINKS.
Swearing: Monitor your kids once in a while to see if they are doing bad stuff.
ROBUX is extremely overpriced, and everything costs ROBUX nowadays.
The chat system is easy to be overridden too and ROBLOX hates it when the users speak out against it.
Some games are scams for free robux (NEVER give ur password OR go to the website).
The bots are going worse and worse.
However, it does have its weak points.
The filter is EXTREMELY overprotective, if you have a
Surviving Roblox 101... you really can’t 

In this review, I’m not talking about bloody and violent games (though that’s something to consider).
I’m talking about Roblox’s biggest problem: its players.
Take it from me: any kid is better off not being on Roblox.
The community is horrible.
Most of the toxic people in there can be, well, actually are divided into groups:

(You might think I’m exaggerating, but these kids you can typically find in roleplay games, shooters... basically any popular game on the front page.
Trolls: Kids, big and small, who bully for the fun of it.
Easy to avoid if your kid knows how to responsibly deal with a bully, which, from my experience, they won’t.
Many times I’ve had to intervene in a fight, started with the same formula: A- You’re (something insulting)!
B- You’re (something insulting), too!
Instead of the victim just ignoring and blocking/muting their bully, they’ll throw back the same insults.
Scammers/Hackers: There was once a free currency in the game called TIX.
You could buy yourselves clothes with this, make your avatar nicer, until one day, and all too soon, it was removed and replaced completely by Robux, which you have to pay for.
The natural greed for free Robux came and scam bots and sites became much more common.
If you’re heading into Roblox, don’t trust anything that promises free Robux.
They’ll most likely steal your account.
Hackers are more or less the same, but also corrupt games on Roblox.
You’d expect there to be few ODers, only horny teens and pedophiles, but this isn’t always the case.
The scariest part of Roblox for a parent, might be that ODers mainly consist of the children themselves, with the herd mentality that saying “ABC for a boy/girlfriend” and humping each other is fun.
Let me tell you: it doesn’t work.
Curse words and even numbers can get through, not directly, but they can.
Another thing: reporting isn’t helpful.
Most of these reports are sent in by kids.
They can be lies or they can be truths, but at the end of the few weeks taken for the whoever to read them, what is there left to do?
I’ve been reported dozens of times for legitimate reasons when I was being a bully myself when I was younger and I never got punished.
If I haven’t described the people of Roblox enough, let me make it a little scarier:

Roblox doesn’t hold your hand.
At least the safe chat and report system doesn’t.
Everybody is toxic.
Full-blown arguments can stem from a kid laughing that “I have Robux, but you’re poor!” or “You look like a noob!” As we’ve already established, these kids don’t know how to handle bullies and so they might become one themselves.
Racism, sexism, ageism, homophobia, it all exists here.
So once again, if you want to preserve your kid’s good nature, either remove Roblox from all devices or send them in, not able to chat and with caution.
Dang it, this game makes me feel like a soldier constantly on a battlefield.
At this point, I’m only playing to stop bullies and look at updates.
People need to chill about this not being safe for kids.
If you dont want your child part of the social aspect of it all turn off chat.
Most swearing is censored out so dont worry about that and reporting is easy if someone makes up a replacement word or bullies you.
Some games are violent but you can choose whether your kid plays those games and roblox is always getting rid of games that are inappropriate.
I dont recommend friending people you dont know because they can fake and bully.
Roblox has horrible moderation systems and i find too much naked body parts on Roblox.
Reports dont work, People swear too much, Everything is too expensive, and too much drugs.
I played ROBLOX myself and it is very bad and it is full of sexual content,violence,war and cyberbullyes.The moderation in this game is very,very bad and you can get banned easily for doing what is in other multiplayer games just fine.You CANNOT CANCEL YOUR ACCOUNT so that means that there is no way to delete your ROBLOX account in ANY way possible.DO NOT PLAY UNLESS YOU ARE ABOVE 18 YEARS OLD!!!!!
The moderation is horrible.
You can hardly say Any words and yet is is easy to bypass.
They're also money cows as it costs money to do almost anything.
They let people freely bully and harass others and thats just the tip of the iceberg.
It's sad because this game has the potential to become a masterpiece.
Some people do exaggerate in their reviews.
Roblox is a great platform for games, until you have to buy robux, get censored in chat and meet ODers.
Roblox has also taken away events.
And put Rthro in that it scares me what this game could become.
I love Roblox, but they better do something before they meet their downfall.
The children can't find any "innapropriate" items unless they search for it, but due to the high chat restrictions for users under the age of 13.
Sometimes trollers will go to those contents, but the children would most likely would not understand.
I tested this in a private server (nobody can join unless invited) with my friends and the kind of swears you can get by replacing letters with symbols is pretty bad for a game that's advertised for children.
Games are sometimes violent, a minor amount with round red puddles meant to look like blood, but this is rare as it actually requires developing skill.
Now to all these people claiming things like "my child's character was raped" and "there's strip clubs in roblox" you are wrong.
Roblox has succeeded in removing strip clubs from the site, but they can't control a players actions unless they were reported by multiple people.
I'd stay out of the roleplaying stuff (adopt and raise, wolves life, etc) because that's where most of the people trolling and working their way around the filtration system hang out in my experience.
I wouldn't recommend this game for kids under the age of 12, although if your kid is smart enough to know what to not share with strangers and just have common sense they should be fine.
Majority of so called "ODers" aren't Oders at all.
After they leave the game, you don't talk to that player again.
Well to start Roblox in general, there is TONS of games (over 200k) while most of them are bad games, (I'm not going to count the tons of fake, starter, and copied games) There are a few gems in the bunch.
DO NOT LET THEM PLAY SIMULATORS
      Unless you can find the 2 GOOD simulator games that I've searched for weeks for, you should really keep them away, they drain time away, and are pay to win, Most have items in-game that cost OVER $25

Chat and player interaction, The chat system is pretty much broken for anyone with an account that is set to age 12 or under as it censors random words and makes chatting in general near impossible (no numbers without knowing the super secret totally not hard to find code 
It’s over censored and everyone complained about it it censors 99.9% of mean messages occasionally they get threw but there is absolutely no way to say curse words or other bad words.
Stupid, idiot, and dummy might get threw but most of the time not.
The violence truly isn’t that bad, it’s like a lego being dissembled.
And it makes an OOF sound when you die.
So you do need to be careful about this.
Another issue with the chat is there are a lot of bot accounts.
This is obviously a scam, so you need to make sure your child is savvy enough before letting them play this game.
It’s a great game, but some things are bad.
And also DO NOT ENGAGE IN THE ACTIVITY KNOWN AS ONLINE DATING!
This can be potentially dangerous, and you never know who’s on the other side.
Oh, and stay away from Meepcity parties and Meepcity in general, that’s where all the shady stuff happen.
Users sometimes create games with inappropriate, but Roblox is quick to ban the user as well as the game.
Also, some users do inappropriate things in the game, but Roblox will ban them.
Roblox also has a very annoying censor system.
It's actually quite annoying as if I even misspell a word, it well censor it.
Also, it's not Roblox's fault that your children are stealing your credit cards to buy things off Roblox.
I know people have put gross pictures on walls on F3X but that does rarely happen anymore.
Not even pedophiles.
Most of the games have a dark secret whether it be a link to a porn site or other things.
Some of the games are just porn and abuse where any kid might accidentally find a porn game because there is an ad for free robux and when they join it's porn.
The moderators do nothing about people saying that they want to smash you (In a sexual way) .
Also the purchase for game passes are mostly a scam and when you ask roblox to refund it because it's against the law(You can read the law and clearly find a rule that says the misconception and scamming is a jailable offence) and the fact that they won't even give you any robux back
even if you have proof is just unacceptable.
every time i watch a news report talk about the insecurities of roblox, i always need to take a stupidity break.
so..some parents rate roblox 18+ i have seen, i will give some advise...put them on minus 13 mode if you want to avoid nsfw stuff..
there are idiots that make sex games and etc yeah, there are violent games too (wich don't increase your kids violence unless they are a certain type i think but they don't increase violence in kids though) 
however roblox wasn't made for that it was made with a child friendly community in mind wich to this day is still largely present.
I like how they censor numbers so you cant tell age and stuff, but by now its so easy to bypass stuff, I don't like how they censor spelling mistakes though.
I had a group based on my game adopt a kid have a family live rich enjoy life (dont judge me) and i got innapropiate comments on it once.. i deleted them.
I played for a while it was ok but now its unplayable with the bug 610 I cant play ever again
It is very fun at the start, but eventually, you run out of games to play and Roblox can get boring as heck.
Sometimes, I begin to think that some of these players work for Roblox, and make them feel ugly so they buy Robux and Roblox just gets more money.
I woudn't really bother with this game.
You also need to download it to play, and I deleted it some time ago because I need more space on my computer, and that trash of a game took alot of space.
I will never download Roblox again, even if my Roblox obsessed friend BEGS me.
Go get another game, because Roblox is TRASH.
First of all, these messages saying "ROBLOX is bad do not let your child play it" Are fake.
These are people who go to the darkest places of ROBLOX that are not monitored because thousands get created in seconds.
Even though some bots delete these games.
All video games have a dark side.
Heck, even google has a dark side where you can buy drugs.
Then you instantly leave the game.
Now back to topic) So, if you really hated that game just tell your child not to play that specific game on ROBLOX and play something like "Be a Kitten and Grow up" or anything your child thinks would be cute.
(Make sure they don't swear if you are a over-protective, overreacting dumb parent).
Children both ways will have to learn swear words to tell your (maybe) future grandkids to not use these swear words.
Don't believe these Overreacting parents.
While people will always find a way to swear evade, there will always be people who tend to bypass chat filters regardless of the effort put into stop it, so if you’re more concerned over swearing or personal questions, you can disable chat with other people.
My issues with ROBLOX as it stands currently; The removal of the forums, the limits of posting in the developer forums, the sites’ and studios’  updates breaking some of the games and scripts, the filter censoring out harmless words and numbers, the removal of safe chat, as well as the removal of TIX and the overall “pay to play” concept the site seems to exploit.
The removal made little sense to me.
If any issues, post count, bots and spam would’ve been removed.
While the filter has improved with blocking out many swears and generally unwanted words, it also has a tendency to backfire, allowing users to bypass certain words with certain fonts, ways of spelling, etc.
It also censors out normal words that others have exploited into sexual context.
However, a majority of these tend to either scam you, or hack into your computer and your account.
They can keylog, steal private information, and even worse, important passwords and credit card info.
The concept of protecting your child over everything will make them rely on a parental figure for the rest of their lives, and struggle to find things out for themselves.
ROBLOX has to much swearing,online dating,hackers,scammers,off-site links,cyber bullies, and more.
However if you change the parental control settings then it gets better: you can turn chat off and block users and turn certain settings off (join game,friends,chat,ect) ROBLOX has much violence and it is concerning if your child(children) are playing and are under the age of 14 because this game is nit appropriate for kids unless you turn on parental controls.
Most of the games are good natured and harmless but the people playing the games are sometimes harmful.
In app purchases are also a problem-kids buy all of this robux and builder’s club without permission from their parents and then their parents ban them from playing roblox.
The roblox world is now falling apart.
People are breaking the rules and now adults are playing trying to spam/scam/steal info from kids.
I've encountered many with my siblings and it was not fun.
Now it makes me worry about those who are younger and play this game.
And with bullying.
I've honestly seen so many bullies in this game that it frustrates me on how children are nowadays.
I don't know how Roblox fixes issues of bullying but I want it fixed.
I rather see my siblings happy not crying because they got bullied in a game.
I know most parents wouldn't want that happening to their child either.
I know most kids are gonna be very biased and say this app is great but parents please understand that bullying does happen and along with dating and flirting.
A lot of adult ratings have a rating 18+ but these are just stupid reviews that don't make sense like someone saying noob is bad for them like noob is not a swear word the only swear word in this game is hell but this is not big of a swear word.
AWESOME but a teacher (from ROBLOX) Cursed at me for not going to my class, the curse had four hashtags (####) meaning f@ck.
ROBLOX isn’t the horrible game you’ve seen on the news.
I, myself, have been playing this game since I was 6 and NEVER have I encountered anything too horrible for younger audiences unless you’re desperate enough to look for it.
The only time that it can get bad is if other people playing begin to OD or ODX (online date) in which either way, shouldn’t be seen as interesting.
Roblox I want you to know this THE GAME IS TO HARD!!!!
If you don't trust your child or are worried about your child in Roblox I would suggest monitoring them or talking to them about what could happen if they don't make smart choices while playing and interacting with other users.
Roblox has a chat filter which will prevent your child from seeing and saying certain words and numbers.
The only problem with the chat filter is some users create groups where you child can work as a barista, nurse, worker, etc.
Which may cause you child to be upset about that.
This game ain't all that bad.
there are some really fun games on here, to be honest parents are just really annoying.
and not understanding of whats actually happening here.
well obviously some bad things.
your not going to get through life with no bad things.
so stop destroying everyones favourite games and just let your children have FUN.
but there you go.
ROBLOX has made an attempt to have a "safer chat", but it is not safe whatsoever.
To replace cuss words, they take the first letter of the cuss word and add a * next to it.
ROBLOX needs to actually moderate their chat systems.
These people can go into a "Adopt and Raise" kind of game and use the Avatar Editor to take off their clothing and do disgusting things.
I do not prefer ROBLOX for your children unless they know these things are bad.
I'm a veteran ROBLOX player, and some of these reviews are absolutely ATROCIOUS.
The worst I have ever seen is a bit of bullying, but there is an easy fix to that.
These parents need to learn that the internet is a sketchy place and they shouldn't expect it to be a "unicorns, rainbows, and glitter" kind of place.
Please stop making bad reviews because something happened in a game and your precious baby can't handle it.
Kids, even me, don’t know enough ethics to play alongside older individuals.
Don’t get me wrong, the game censors most bad phrases, but wrongly minded individuals finds ways around the phrases.
Their crummy censoring system falls victim to crummy individuals wanting to expose personal information to other players.
Next up: hackers.
Remember those crummy individuals?
They also enjoy HACKING games on Roblox, just to look cool, or earn extra (fake) money in game.
Little kids, even kids of my age, are influenced by such hackers.
These hackers try to convince other players that hacking is the way to go, and soon enough, more hackers.
I’d say that Roblox itself is not a stable game—-hackers are what got Toontown Online shutdown in the early 2010s.
Now, onto their crappy virtual coin system.
As a teen, I get bored easily.
Clever name, but faulty system.
They get more greedy (shocker)!
Yet they still ask for more.
Their customer service is crappy.
(Shocker, again)
They issue a report system for each game, designed to track down hackers, badmouthed children, and bullies.
They pride themselves on the system, saying that it can ban folks in a matter of a day or less.
Why is that I report a hacker, and a few days later, they’re still hacking on the SAME game?
I broke one of their “community rules,” got reported, and nothing happened.
NOTHING.
With the way they space out their profit system, I would have had to pay $15 out of pocket to simply change my username.
With all of the other players bringing the company probably 1 million a week, why is it that they still ponder for money out of the hands of children and their parents?
I don’t have $15.
I contacted Roblox to waive the fee, and thoroughly explained my financial circumstance and that I cannot afford to buy 1,000 Robux.
Here is their foolhardy response.
The “Customer Care” doesn’t give a crap about you or your child.
They’re in it for the money.
After a few emails with Customer Care, they responded telling me they cannot help me with the matter any further, essentially terminating me from asking for HELP.
The same instance occurred when I sent a screenshot to them reporting someone clearly threatening me on the game.
They did NOTHING about it.
If I were you, invest in a game console instead of this greedy game.
The customer service doesn’t care about you, but your wallet is their most prized possession.
If they continue ignoring hackers, their game will go down the drain, taking your invested money with it.
Do yourselves a favor and do NOT allow yourself or your child to feed this corporation any further.
There is too much violence in some games.
Sometimes there is too much swearing by real life people in messages.
Why would people complain about child predators on Roblox, in reality its just 12 year olds using their avatars to get a gf and pretend to do something with their life, like obviously parents.
The chance of the other person being a predator is 0.01%, Like come on people.
Points: Exploiters, Sexual stuff, bullies and stuff, scammers, violence and consumerism.
Exploiters: Yes, exploiters are pretty bad.
They can make a child feel upset after they've worked so hard in a game only for an exploiter to auto-reset them.
Exploiting is something not easy to stop.
Once FilteringEnabled was forced onto all games, it has now become a LOT harder to exploit nudity and inappropriate stuff into a game.
Sexual Things: Up to ODers, most people who "pertend" to date are just more young kids.
The chances of an ODer atually being a predator is VERY slim; about a 0.01% chance of finding.
Images CANNOT be sent through Roblox chats at all.
I have never seen someone post a pic of porn somewhere or pertend to "have sex".
Bullies: This is something that is not related to Roblox.
This is found EVERYWHERE on the internet.
If you are worried about bullies, go to your child account's settings and disable their ability the chat or see chat in-game.
This way, they will never know if they are being bullied.
Too many parents ignore these excellent privacy features.
The filter however is probably the reason for the missing star.
the worst things are the annoying 2-year-olds and the chat filter (though if you are concerned about your kids talking to people on the internet you could just turn the chat off).
If you think kids shouldn't be online at all!
Ok to start take a look at the parental controls there is no option 
to stop your kid from friending strangers.
Secondly there are
... drug dealing games and naked avatars.
Mild gun violence presented in a cartoonish 
way.
I have played this game for around 7 years now, and all I need to say is, this game was never intent to have adult content, nor does it promote harassment, bullying, etc.
The big idea is that while yes, there are games that are very inappropriate, those games are very hard to find, and either way, parents should be monitoring what their kids do on games like Roblox, since it's online, and allows socialization with other kids above their age.
The number one complaint I see is that this game is not meant for kids, and shouldn't be allowed for them.
There are games out there that sound incredibly nice to play, but some of the players aren't 10 or 12, they could be 17, which invokes inappropriate content.
It's not the game that inducing this, it's definitely the players.
Another complaint is that this game allows adults to have inappropriate meetings with children.
If there are people who want to do inappropriate actions with kids, that is a very, very small chance and if it is happening, block them, even if the kid doesn't want you to.
The swear filter on this game is terrible.
Mainly, it doesn't do the correct job that it's trying to do.
There ARE some violent games and toxic people, but come on.
If you don't want your kids learning bad stuff or talking to strangers, you can set account restrcitions so they can't play violent games and can't talk to people.
the safe chat sucks.I mean, this is even more terrible then totalitarianism that I just type something like asdjflkjdl;fja;sldfjl;asdjf;ls and they HASHTAGED IT!!!!
and you can't say 1234567890 too!!!
That's absolutely terrible...... Also the games are copying other games outside and roblox didn't even mind!!
2016 was pretty good as well , 2017 started to get really edgy and 2018, I lost all hope for the platform at that time.
Those games are GONE because roblox messed up the filtering capabilities of their scripts and copyrighted lots of audio files.
But listen, is ROBLOX really that bad of a platform?
My final verdict, ROBLOX is good and bad at the same time.
I can't even with these grown-ups and their dumb reviews.
It's YOUR fault you are raising your kid poorly.
Stop blaming apps all the time that they're supposed to moderate your child for you all the time.
Yes people cuss, so this is what I'm saying, YOUR KID HAS TO BE MATURE IF YOU WANT THEM TO FULLY ENJOY THIS.
Your kid is probably stupid that they are sharing their information on the site or just being immature and dumb.
Parents need to blame themselves for this.
The only bad thing about roblox is just there making descions that make people mad but you can just ignore it and play games!
Is dangerous for children under 12 or for children that their not know how to lrotect themselves in internet.
When everyone is allowed to speak their mind and no one knows who they really are...things get rough
Sometimes toxic community but ok
However, I wouldn't recommend it for children 7 and under.
First of all, when you create an account, children can quite easily fake their age and end up with a 13+ account.
This is not good.
Second of all, there are many scams, as you've probably heard, of 'free robux' and the like.
Do not fall for this.
There is NO such thing as 'free robux'.
The developers will hack your account, by using a website or page that looks similar to Roblox's official page.
They will ask you to log in, and there you go: You've gotten hacked.
There are also bots that promote these sites.
Do NOT ever go in there.
Thirdly, there are some games...not suitable for young children that Roblox has allowed.
The deaths are cartoonish, and it's easy to win.
It's useless and mainly used for in-game cosmetics, as well as the robux packages being insanely overpriced.
so i love playing roblox but some times like today i went on and it said i had no internet but i did it was annoying so i just kept trying then after 30 minutes of trying to bet on i gave up
Okay gotta admit the moderation pretty much is bad but Roblox is a great platform for many stuff.
It is a nice platform to do things but there are sketchy users.
Like in any other online multiplayer game there will always be some sketchy guys.
There are hackers, online daters, and straight up weird idiots.
But in roblox, there is a report system but it may be flawed in a few ways.
There is a such thing as the blocking system,  it allows users to block someone ans in result they will never see them again.
They can't chat with them, they can't join them in games.
Also against the Terms Of Service (ToS) of Roblox, (which you should read) and can be deleted quickly, alright, great messages, creativity, imagination, and learning expiriences on building, physics, and other things.
There is some violence in some of the games but you should avoid them if you can't handle it.
In the actual game you have a variety of options, unfortunately some people pass the filtering system and use codes like “wanna d8” luckily you can report those kinds of people and the mods will handle it.
As for the violence you just have to monitor you child’s computer.
The games are made by separate users and of course there's going to be horny 16 year olds losing their Lego virginity on 'The Streets' while blasting bypassed audios on their 400 robux boombox.
um well u see this game is very bad bebcuase i get rpaed by kiddies on the website one guy said "despacito" and he had taht spider rbolox skin then brkoe into my huose and rpaed me don't play this game epic bad
"There are bullies": Just ignore them.
"There is violence": Ok.
You can't just hide him/her from violence.
"There are online daters": Ignore them.
In Roblox people in Meep City  do horrible things like Assault, have  sex, smoking, trying to bypass the filter by saying things like "Let's have sox.".
I don't really have a childhood because of roblox.
Also "ODERS" Roblox Online daters are destroying roblox.
But one more thing roblox instead of  fixing the ODER problem they make the chat STRICTER!You can't even say one Horrible!
I'm not saying that those games should NOT be popular, I'm just trying to say that its just getting more boring since almost every popular games are not original.
I’ve been playing for almost 5 years now and have only ever experienced one person ask to “rape” my character and I said no and blocked the person super easy to change passwords on your account if you get scammed there is a game called murder mystery which is animated in where you either run away from the murderer or try and kill the murderer as the sheriff or be the murderer just don’t let your kids play games like this (murderer mystery, Assasin, zombie attach etc.)
As a parent, you can not moderate your own child’s account.
Back to moderation, moderators have given bans for unfair reasons before, and others may let a image containing disturbing content to slip through.
One last thing to mention is the hacker/exploiter problem.
People will try to find ways to use hacks in game.
It should be noted that news reports are not always the best source for info regarding this game.
I wouldn't give it a 100% BEST review because it's so cringy at a time.
The reason I would like to report this is because a lot of people get bullied for doing nothing!
QwQ And it makes some people cry especially if they're yalls little darlins' who yall soccer mom's care so much 'bout.
Honestly, I don't get it.
You parents are acting like "Roblox"can put your child in "danger" when it's honestly just 12 year old kids looking for a virtual girlfriend.
Bots exist just for the reason to spam your messages, but you ignore them.
And if any inappropriate games are uploaded onto Roblox the moderators remove it within an hour or so.
To all the people who think this is money wasting, how do you think a company with $0 of currency could keep a site up with billions of users logging in everyday?
As the media keeps on slandering Roblox just for the sake of the clicks, I just think parents don't even know a thing about Roblox.
As the various item "gears" have a violent type of items, none have anything violent but to making players body parts fall off and make them disappear.
1- The filtering system is a mess.
You can't even say a sentence without it getting tagged.
2- The moderators are bots and ban people who aren't doing anything.
3- The media slandering Roblox, forcing the game to be more terrible, just for the sake of the medias leaving them alone.
It's Also kind of keeps youtubers playing it when they barley have video concept that they have or they just wanna play games.
They also have the safety chat so people can't swear but there are still bullies.
there are hackers who may try to hack you.
so don't try free robux sites, and tell kids not to share there password.
I hate Roblox, ever since Minecraft came in Roblox hasn't been able to be a good game, it used to be the most famous game in the world, but games that had people who cared a lot for the players came in (like Minecraft) Roblox has been hated, sure the games are fun, but you have to pay for everything, I counted and you need to pay more the $100 dollars in Robux to play in servers!
And to this day there is still a large number of bugs in the game, and for the games that you don't have to pay, some of them are deleted!
You people think it is 10+
BOO over reacting parents!
at the first time I saw the game called “Con” 10 times and I joined that, there was this terrible thing!
I wanted to stop against these type of games and I know the Roblox owner never made condos.
There’s a game called “Con” which is 10 times can hurt your child and me!
I raid these games to STOP THEM!
I made Roblox made “cond” and “condo” of these words gone but the word Con is hard to hashtag it.
Remember, parents I know what you think but before saying a bad rating it was the people and they are making Roblox slow to ban.
Roblox tried to ban these games and I don’t know why.
PLEASE BAN THE CONDO GAMES PLEASE!
I hope David (the Roblox owner) sets new accounts not to create games these condo creators are making Chat worst and there can be bad words except original game.
There are smoking over there so DONT GO TO THESE GAMES IN ROBLOX!
THESE GAMES MAKE ROBLOX UNSAFE!
Before you go make a crappy rating because you both are over reacting please read this.
Roblox Sometimes will have pedophiles or teens or someone doing sex with people and all.
and sometimes scammers from russia or whatever scam and hack into accounts.
Roblox currently is boring and repetitive (I’ve been playing the same games for two years please help).
Usually the staff just completely ignores the community’s opinions.
The game’s reputation is so bad that I bet if you yell out that you play Roblox out in public people are going to give you a weird look.
Sure Roblox does allow its users to “create” games which will rarely ever be played and are shamed by the community and other actual developers.
But besides that the staff treats developers of their game as well you know, garbage!
And on top of that there’s also sexual activity, harassment, swearing, and even more “great” that the game has to offer!
You get your account removed!
But nope, not anymore now you gotta whip out the credit card for this game if you want literally anything.
This causes people to try to steal your child’s account by promising in game cash in return of your child’s password to his/her account.
These activities go against the rules of Roblox which can go from cheating to online dating.
Oh don’t even get me started on the community itself!
Nowadays the players in the game are just...well it’s a little bit complicated to explain.
So you have players that hilariously have horrible grammar and spelling.
But on the other hand you have players that are just outright mean and will most likely bully your child.
If you still consider letting your child play this game (which you shouldn’t) be sure to monitor his/her actions.
Now while I agree with some stuff overall I don't think it's as bad as everyone makes it out to be.
that have violence.
CHAT:
Again it's true the community is pretty toxic.
Now once in a while people find workarounds between bad stuff but usually they get tagged by 2 weeks.
You should know it sometimes gets addicting and if that happens you need to stop your child.
Sometimes people spread myths like John Doe.
Tell your kid he's fake.
If all else fails contact Roblox to remove their account
5.
If they make a new one IP ban your child.
the people told me that 8 have no roux and I’m OBSESE!
like wtf?
why do you even want to say that in a kid friendly game????
the in game chat filter sucks  many times i just want a normal conversation it just covers up random words 
-the moderater of roblox are total bots this is why reports never works:
report was send=>report arrive at moderater=moderater cant read cause they are bots=>report denied
thats all i have to say about this game
So you problably have seen many soccer moms trying to give roblox a bad rating right?
Well let me give you a brief timeline ive been, assaulted, seen somebdy be se***** assaulted or smoke and drink.
The chance of anything bad happening to your child is a 0.5%.
Yes you should moderate your kids because its not robloxs fault your little soccer child got assaulted.
They dont babysit your kids.
If your kid gets assaulted or anything its your own fault.
Unless you are super sensitive and dont let your kids even play "Zoo tycoon!
There may be an inappropriate game every now and then, but roblox is quick to ban the game and the user who made it.
People can't send pictures on roblox, and sexual talk or bad words are always censored.
There may be scammers to get free robux, and they can send links to bad websites that may steal your kid's account, or put a virus on their device.
Overall, roblox is a good kid friendly game with the occasional bad occurrence, but roblox is quick to get rid of it.
A lot of online dating and cyber bullying.
Honestly disgusting, the game itself is kid friendly, but the people on it are dangerous.
Its good but roblox is greedy.
Sorry for the bad formatting i wrote tyis on my tablet
But there are people doing s*x to kids' characters.
Don't let your kid play role play games.
Don't play this game!
I spent $4000 on this game and my account was hacked and stolen.
Roblox is careless and did not even care!
Plus there are inappropriate related games and the website is filled with daters!
Don't play this game!
Of course you can find a lot of bad things in these games, and people do try to get around the chat filter.
If your child ever sees anything questionable, just tell them to leave that game and play something else.
If you don't think your child is mature enough to play, you make that call.
Sure,some people get weird and try to online date,but it's just going to be some 12-year-olds trying to find a online girlfriend.
Besides,the chances of some 30-year-old man trying to date your daughter is as small as seeing a unvaccinated child turn 6!
Roblox is completely safe and those reviews of there being "guns and violence in all of the game pages" or "sex games everywhere" are COMPLETELY FAKE AND TRY TO RUIN ROBLOX!
the social media is pressuring roblox to make a lot of updates just for the safety of their child but problems for the rest.
like,curse words are filtered and barely nobody knows how to surpass the filter!
and even if they do it's just to joke around!
so don't go accusing roblox for all the problems,just blame the PLAYER that's making the problems!
The only games you should be concerned for those encounters are role-play games, such as the popular Adopt Me or BloxBurg, or "Free Robux" games, which pretend that they need your password and username.
A while ago, I was playing some games, then I saw this guy saying, "crap", "hell", and "damn".
There is a lot of abusing going on Roblox,  Moderators cannot deal with it most of the time.
Kids are not good at handling stress.
The one bad thing about this game is the community.
Lots of young kids have really ruined the game over the years since i started playing as a  young child myself.
Not to forget scammers and other stuff.
Just like any other online game, there are rude and/or toxic people that play it.
Like they censored "well" and "ok" even when you're 13+.
I understand they could use "beach" as a literal beach, but nobody really does that.
Another thing, the players can be extremely rude, but most of them are nice.
Everyone, stop hating on the community for just someone saying "heck" to your child.
Players can be rude and bully you, but some of them can be nice, too.
Onto the violence.
Games like sword fights, make you kill other players for rewards, but I highly doubt your child is gonna kill you in cold blood and expect a reward.
It's also very hard to stumble upon one.
You can't expect a successful game like this to be without a currency, right?
You do not have to let your child play games that are violence.
However, do prevent your child from joining games like “adopt a kid” I feel that all this game are a little inappropriate as people would talk about “123 for child”, “123 for gf/bf” Roblox should also allow people to do mission to win robux instead of making people to buy it as it is known that some parents doesn’t allow, and since they are not allowed to buy robux, people that are rich tend to show off and everyt.
Thank you sooooo much for removing THe BASIC FUNCTIoNS OF THE GAME!
Anyway, considering there are 90 million monthly users, there must be some bad people out there.
They have no moderation system whatsoever and you can’t even report in fact, after playing 5 minutes of a high school role play, I saw someone saying”kisses”!
Thanks to the news and some overreacting parents now whatever you imagine, it’s probably filtered.
And considering it took him 2 minutes to type “ugly bad ninja” I am ashamed of myself for calling it bullying.
Yours sincerely, a very annoyed boy
I will not blame ROBLOX for their action but I may blame some people and I am not offensive to any people I will mention, If you get offended easily, I recommend not to read this review because this may have a part of negative effects.
Children always spend stuff with robux currency.
ROBLOX is a great game but some of the people's action makes ROBLOX players quit or getting banned.
Onto the negative side.
[Negative side]

People is always friendly but not all of them are friendly... Children will always come up to the most problem in ROBLOX, Online dating.
These fellas are really, I mean really, Aggressive when you try to stop them from online dating, They will also try to act cool like a gangster and also do inappropriate things such as smoking, drugs, etc.
They will also try to have sex in some games but sometimes will be banned or terminated.
They also make up inaproppiate games such as real life gangster games, condos, etc.
People also sometimes scam kids by asking personal info like password and username.
Children could easily fall into that trap, These scammers could ruin their privacy, change themselves and change their passwords so the owner can't get in.
They also sometimes get their accounts banned or terminated.
This makes some players unhappy.
This game does have those people who swear, but you can block them, and they can't be seen in chat nor in the chat bubbles anymore, and, it doesn't save your debt/credit card number.
And, yes, I have been bullied on there before.
Please, that really agitates me when you call it 'robucks'
Also, the word 'noob' isn't a word that means anything bad.
Stop hurting my brain when I read your reviews.
((Also, this was not a joke review.
seriously, you parents overreact.))
Not recommended for ages 9 and under due to language and sexual stuff.
Tons of violence and drinking.
Has clubs and some scary games that aren't suitable for  children under 8 and under.
I have seen the online daters and though its against rules they do get punished simply by later on getting banned as note adminds and moderators will spellcheck every servers chat and see the words that bwere censored for players but not for the moderators thus they get punished.
i do see where your coming from where theres "sex" and "nudity" but note there basically lego people with no clothers yet no genitalia which means (no vaginas or penises) they can be added though creativity but they dont have realistic physics and arent 100% animated or realistic the blood and or gore is only in some games mostly military and shooters most of these games get monitored before updated and or published and its not gory alot of people ovvereact and say "ITS AS BAD AS RAMBO THE MOVIE" well no it
but at the 2nd year of playing roblox, strange things are popping up:
violence: not very much, a lot of people and teens can handle it, bloods are unrealistic and the only people you kill are lego men or brick men.
sexual contents: well, in my opinion, roblox WAS a completely kid friendly game, but starting from like 2016 or something, people started online dating (mostly kids but i just don't know why) on roblox and also started making really dirty games, but it's just player's fault, sexual games will get banned immediately by the roblox moderators.
consumerism: half of roblox players spends a lot of money on roblox, especially the online daters, they spend tons of real money on roblox, buy robux (the virtual currency of roblox) and use them to buy clothings, to just make them look cooler and attractive, but there are only a few pay-to-win games, like pet simulator, which fortunaly is not popular anymore.
alchohols, drugs and smoking: absolutely no alchohols, no drugs but some "gangsters" on roblox do smoke virtually and i've onòy seen one.
but there are still scams that steals people's information, account or/and robux (i mentioned earlier) by creating games or websites that "promises" people free robux.
conclusion: roblox is a great game, but it is getting a bit worse due to some dumb players, i would consider this 12+, even if i'm 10.
It allows the d word that’s a worse version of crap.
But that’s just their mind.
If they do that stuff, let them.
Just b/c they do that stuff doesn’t mean ur child will.
And if they do, ground them.
Point is, u can’t change how a person thinks, so stop trying.
I used to play ROBLOX when I was 10 but now I don’t think ROBLOX is a good game.
I stopped playing roblox because it has so many bad stuff in that game.
It has games that you rob banks like jailbreak.
Games that can steal your account (free robux games) There are some games that you do sexual stuff.
Okay let’s say roblox has hashtag system but kids found someother words, like fudge (f word)
Roblox’s community is super bad.
I saw in some videos that says “Roblox is adding voice chat” it’s super dangerous for kids.
Very rarely theres game which have inappropriately stuff on there games, the roblox admins woupd take it fown within the first hours.
This does have a downside though because the games in-game currency , ROBUX, costs real money.
Make sure they don't fall into some scams like free ROBUX games.
If they can't code or don't want to, they can use free models or make there own.
Please be aware free models can cause viruses and getting hacked so please use trusted models like khole's admin so they can use admin in there game and ban people or hire staff.
Please note the moderation staff is small so bans and reports take a long time.
Noob means they act like a new player or are being stupid.
Please don't be offended.
With that being said, it's not a game you can just sit your kid in front of and ignore for a couple hours.
There is content that a kid of most ages womt understand, but it is inappropriate nonetheless.
I had to walk into my 8 yo sibling on a role-play server with an alcoholic "father" and plenty of innapropriate themes.
Stop letting the internet babysit them.
There are almost no 20 year olds on here telling by behavior.
Roblox does not babysit your child and you should watch out after them.
(I'm only 13, my spelling/grammar isn't the best.)
To all the parents saying that this game has "mentally scarred" their kid or "turned them into the devil" this isn't the Roblox teams fault and this is unlikely to happen to you.
Roblox really does try to stop these kids of people called exploiters.
They can Change the game and "make it unsafe to children."
Just don't blame roblox for how screwed up your kid is.
Once i got HACKED  from one of those "free robux " games .
If you don't know what robux is , it's the games special currency , i got scammed and hacked , as i was not very smart back then .
I'm 11 now , and people lure me into these games that have super fake names so that they are really hard to find again  , they have naked people , let people swear and do "it" ( have sex)  .
The filter is not very good , and people ask / tell you where they/ you live , have sex , and adults play this game , claiming to be kids .
You can friend strangers , and you don't know who they are , they could be a 40 year old man for all you know!
, then he said "well , i'm gonna kill me in life C: , And then come kill you C; " I reported and unfriended him .
his username is omegacookies  , And he's done it to atleast 600 girls , he's following 339 people and they are all girls , i belive he is a paedophile .
People figure out ways to swear  such as " b*" " fu22 ck "  "()$h!t "
And  if you report someone for a " fake " (if you think theres no reason to ban them )  reason , you yourself will get banned for 1-5 days .
Yes I’m aware of the guardians saying that roblox is a bad game that includes inappropriate actions, profanity, and etc.
Roblox has this thing called “hashtags” if your account is underaged, anything that is inappropriate or includes swearing is tagged.
Roblox also has a thing where players call other players “noob”.
Noob isn’t a hurtful word.
Guardians also mention “use of violence”.
I understand that, but it’s not like GTA (Killing realistic humans).
Roblox “violence” games only slay LEGO blocks which isn’t classic we to human figures.
I don’t think that children should play this.
And other players are always calling names like “gold digger” “noobs” and “fags”
Sometimes there can be some bad things but roblox tries there best to prevent that.
It can have violence so make sure to check what your kid is doing from time to time.
That do eventually get banned pretty quickly.
I have to say that english isn't my first language and i wrote this on phone.
This post might look fake because a 10 year old cant talk english so well and he's from an another state too.
Violence and weapons.
There are games with guns and stuff but a small amount of them have blood.
One thing i dont like is the default death animation.
You just fall into pieces which is too brutal.
So there might be online daters in some games but these games usually aren't popural and they get deleted.
Just report them and they hopefully get banned.
There are also some condo games which are VERY BAD.
But they will get deleted like a day after they're created and also they are unpopular and it makes it hard to find them too.
Its because the moderation isnt very good.
Some people have been banned for saying "hi" ingame.
The chat system is a joke.
Completely innocent words will show up as hashtags and many words can be bypassed.
So for example if someone wants to say shit, they can say sheet or shet or something like that.
They need to fix the chat system.
Because accounts under 13 cant say youtube, or any social website.
0.0001 percent of internet users are pedophiles.
There are also some 5 year old kids insulting each other and its not cause of roblox or videogames, its bad parenting or some problems at school.
All ages should be careful of people like pedophiles, Scammers and cyber bullies.
The robux prizes are too high, If your child would to buy it (On acccidednt or purpose) You should be able to refund it, But the 
child gets to keep the robux.
I can confirm that the filter is pretty bad (not in the way that it censors too less, it actually censors too much), but i feel news articles and parents alike are slandering ROBLOX for no apparent reason.
It also has banned anyone from saying Discord in any chat, (as Discord is a 3rd party chat app that you can call and text people on, so naturally, ROBLOX has banned it.
ROBLOX doesn't make the games, so it shouldn't be at fault for what the COMMUNITY makes.
Never the less, the bullying is a major problem because the community is rather toxic, but at the end of the day kids are edgy and that cannot be helped.
Dating is also a big problem and as a player it is very possible to give out private information.
remember Roblox is not rated, because it's a ONLINE game 3rd party apps have NOTHING to do with Roblox and you should be monitoring your kid instead of letting them do what ever they want!
but sometimes roblox can be gross.
But don't be thinking that the Daters are pedophiles.
the population of pedophiles is only %1.
and please watch out for any free robux or Builder's Club Games as they will steal (hack) accounts or steal robux or both.
Now, alot of reviews say that it is very dangerous.
There are some hackers that show bad stuff but theres like a %0.1 chance of this occuring.
If I could give this game 0 stars, I would.
I witnessed players swearing, having parties where they would pretend to drink, smoke, and engage in sexual activity( which is probably the most common offense).
The game has filters for curse words, but players get around them by making up their own terms for inappropriate language.
There are several cases of grown adults signing up for this game and creeping on kids.
This is what made me delete the account myself and the comments I saw and received made me feel very self-conscious as a young girl.
This was five years ago and I still feel uncomfortable about it.
If you think roblox is bad for kids you have never been on Reddit or Twitter or The Internet so what if you hear Spooky Scary Skeletons blast at full volume you call Roblox Inappropriate for kids you see your kid playing murder mystery 2 then yell at them people look at reviews and when people talk crap about games minecraft or saying roblox is a Minecraft clone can make people not play games and Roblox came before Minecraft idiots roblox might have robux that are overpriced but still it’s a good game
Well actually a bot does it.
This bot makes really unfair bans and warnings.
I got banned for a few days for a shirt of Ugandan Knuckles, a meme.
They have had a lot of doodoo scandals.
You should know that they do a lot of these mistakes so make sure your child is supervised while playing in case they get scammed.
Another thing, scam bots.
Always supervise your kids because if you spent robux in Roblox they can be scammed and the password can be changed unless you add a safety PIN code which I have with an email account.
Parents, do not blame the site for these players.
There is a 0.01 percent chance you will find an adult being inappropriate with a child in this game.
The game also has a bad filtering system.
You can’t say numbers or certain words like Kart under 13.
Violence isn’t bad there isn’t blood in normal games unless you play FPS games like Phantom Forces.
They can’t patch stuff quick enough because they have millions of users to monitor.
There is a filtering system but it has flaws.
If an account is under 13 they can’t send messages.
There are some “toxic” (rude) players but I advise ignoring game chat (that’s what I do) I suggest you play the game with your child to see for yourself if you think your child is responsible enough to make sure they are safe.
There is violence but you can avoid these games by simply not playing them.
Don’t listen to the hateful reviews here, those are personal experiences!
Don’t send hate because they game isn’t right for you!
If you see this type of abuse, just use the report tool and you'll be fine.
But roblox is kind of greedy and only wants money bbut i'm fine!
So once i found a girl acting inappropriate and i reported her.I think she was banned.So kids can play this game only if they not gonna roleplay with inappropriate people.
Just watch were you are clicking cause there is spam and inappropriate adds and stuff so just pay attention!
There are some bloody gun games (like Phantom Forces), and there are some games for 3+ (like Meep City).
These ban the adult forums.
An update that came out I year or two ago blocker all swearing in the chat.
It’s so over protective that I couldn’t ask people if they saw the hunger games movie on the holidays.
Robux do cost a lot of money, but you don't need to buy it.
Roblox actually censors a lot of things.
Honestly, if your that concerned about your child giving away their address, make their account under 13, which will not allow them to say any numbers.
However, the words you can say are gay, hell, and heck.
With an account 13 and older, you can say gay, hell, god damn, frick, heck, and lmao.
If someone is sending you inappropriate messages, unfriend them.
If someone knows where you live, call the cops.
Now, parents minds have been poisoned with the idea that it is infested with pedophiles.
However, it's not true.
You would be surprised at the amount of inappropriate little kids there are.
But roblox moderators banned players For No reason And sometimes person banned players For No reason either
I hope people don't base their opinions solely on reviews of kid games.
Reviews are just other people's opinions.
I live in one of those super strict households where my parents are extremely iffy on almost anything I want to do.
Little kids are heavy censored by roblox to the extent of not even leting them say numbers.
List of words you cant say: meet,cow,pig,fat,dumb,dude1(who is a dev) and many more.
If you read the Roblox TS (terms of service) it tells you the Rules,if someone is not following the rules you can report them,they will get warned banned or terminated but the downside is there's games that are violent and cruel and should not be played by kids,but the reason I put it 9 or older is cause there's scammers and trollers and 9+ knows what to do,if you're child is 7- don't play the game,it would be creepy and scarry and that's all I half to say!
It's not going to be 100% kid friendly, most are.
I've been looking for the parent reviews today and I've been realizing this is stupid like some of them have sexy stuff drugs and cigarette what drugs were the cigarettes in Roblox it says consumers and get that from Robux but that's just so they can keep the platform running And the swear words are just the broken chat filter being dumb so stop being crazy people and start thinking
I told her no that she is a creep.
now she harass me all the time and her friends.
roblox did not help my mom when she called them.
she does this to kids that play murder mystery 2. it is a bad game for kids.
roblox is not safe.
I'm not allowed to play my favorite game anymore.
I’m not actually 13, I’m 12, but literally no one would read my review if it said I was.
Anyway, I’ve been playing Roblox for a long time and it definitely gotten worse over the years.
Despite this, great games have been released, but some are ruined by small children begging you for things (robux, items in games, etc.)
which is extremely annoying.
Please, PLEASE make sure your child doesn’t become one of those kids, it’s the worst.
Also, I’ve seen many angry parents complain about ‘explicit’ messages that their children have received... You literally cannot type numbers if your account is under 13.
You can’t type any of these:
“Sex”
“Where do you live?”
“How old are you?” 
“F*ck, sh*t, etc...”
“Nazi”
“R*pe”
And a lot more... 
All in all, the game is great and has a good filter system, but has a lot of annoying little kids infesting it.
There is no sexier swearing, but some games contain violence, though it is nothing brutal as the avatars are in no way lifelike.
And the moderation team is only comprised of a few people,please cut them some slack.
Also, if you are worried about scammers, you should probably sit back and think about the internet as a whole.
Can't expect everything to be safe right ?
Most of the issue with profanity, violence, and NSFW is often filter bypass.
The "front page" as it's known by players isn't exactly the best way to represent the game.
Those games attract significantly more creeps than other games.
"Roleplays" should be avoided at all costs.
There are a few games, only one to be exact, on the front page with blood.
These types of games aren't an issue for anyone older than say 10 or 11 as they're still quite cartoonish, but younger children might want to stay away from them.
Explore ROBLOX; there's a whole category of groups that are often ignored.
Many discord servers are poorly filtered or not filtered at all.
I'd suggest keeping any kids younger than 13 away from discord servers because of this.
The main issue parents have on ROBLOX is the "sex" games though.
These games are not allowed on ROBLOX, and as such, are removed within a few days.
If your child plays one of these games, it is mainly your fault.
These games are insanely hard to find without actively looking for them.
Speak with your children about inappropriate games.
"Bullying" is another large issue for parents, but it is honestly the smallest issue on the website.
If you still find this being an issue, consider purchasing a small amount of roblox to buy a cheap outfit.
I'm sure you've read many other reviews by kids/parents saying that ROBLOX is inappropriate for kids.
-SCAMMING can occur!!
-HACKING can occur!
Never, ever join suspicious games or interact with suspicious players.
-Occasional TOXIC players!
Immediately REPORT and leave the game/unfriend!!!!
Of course, NONE, NONE of these are hard to avoid if you're not stupid.
Seriously, give ROBLOX a break - 60 million+ players are hard to monitor and control!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Remember, there are ALWAYS bad players on the internet.
Do you think that ROBLOX itself is creating and encouraging toxic players/games?
No, absolutely not!
Don't let them do blatantly STUPID things and come blabbing here about ROBLOX being "inappropriate".
GAMES on ROBLOX:
-You might think that ROBLOX is harmful to players because of bad games created by PLAYERS, PLAYERS, cough cough!
-Never join games claiming they will give you free robux.
NEVER NEVER NEVER!
YOU ARE STUPID AND GULLIBLE IF YOU DO THAT; DON'T COME HERE BLAMING ROBLOX FOR IT!
I'M SORRY FOR THE YELLING, BUT I CAN'T STRETCH THE POINT ANY LONGER!
share the news about scamming so that we can get rid of it TOGETHER!!!
and set it off soo then that children cant talk or see orders's messages

(and dont listen to those stupid parents and kids speaking that roblox is 18+)
I looked at the computer and asked her who she was playing with, she said, "With my boyfriend" Not exactly the response I was expecting but then I thought it must just be a boy from school, but then I looked at the stuff he was saying and I was just sickened.
This is disgusting, DON'T LET YOUR CHILD NEAR THIS.
while  i enjoy the game, it has ALOT..ALOT..ALOT..of issues!
the monitoring and moderation is terrible!
the mods let so much slip by, and won't do anything about it until it affects the way roblox is looked at online, just selfish, and greedy too!
they decide to remove and ruin things without notice, also games with inproper scripting may be able to pass through swear words, sexual comments, threats,ect, definitely not good for its target audience, and the hacks and hack scripts t allow that, inappropriate animations ,ect, aren't fixed until people complain,  being kinda selfish again, i just wanna say, the moderators are terrible at their job, and unless you're a godly parent with omega security-watching skills your something, or just don't mind or 
its clearly  immature kids that know nothing, whiny teens that want attention, or some mid-variation.
Hello, I purposely made an account just to make a response about the whole "My kid can't play this game" topic.
It's very hard to deal with those type of people.
This means that anyone can sign up and do terrible things.
Roblox also has a chat filter that censors swearing.
Heres a tip for you since you cant even properly parent yourself lol.
this community is really salty.
you will only find salty kids in a popular game.
Most of these people will get mad at you for killing them,  winning a game, etc.
My suggestion is play games that isn't really popular.
But you still have to avoid the salty community with their words like "LOL" and "OMG U HAKR!!".
I have nothing to say now.
Dear Parents , You Are So Negative On This Game.
Stop Giving The Hate !
Noob is a bully word but its only forJokes .
Also I Wanna Say That Why Does Roblox Have To Update Everyday?I Play a  Game And I Have To Wait!
The Gotta Fix That and Also Robux.
No matter what device you are playing on it drains the battery VERY FAST.
For example if you put your account age as a real birthday and it’s under 13 then it will put bad messages others say in hashtags so the child can’t see it.
But also if the account is underage you can’t curse.
People use symbols like @,*,¥,$,#,8 etc to say bad words any one can see.
There is a report button to report someone, they say a monitor will check they never do.
No one ever does, report button is useless.
Not that fast to ban the bypass or troll,online daters.
If you not trust other players chat with you,you can change that on you’re ROBLOX settings and disable chat for you.
However, there are a few games that are very inappropriate.
Some users can be really disgusting but you can always report them or leave the game and join another server.
worst case scenario, you get called a noob.
but just suck it up, report them, block them or just leave the game.
Just one problem, the community is sometimes really mean and toxic.
Roblox seems like a dangerous and inappropriate game for children under 10, and it could, but that is rarely a problem.
Roblox is against bullying, inappropriate content, violence, alcoholic or drug phrases, and other danger bringing content.
There are some games that are user/kid friendly, while others may contain violence, sex, swearing, drugs, or non safe content.
Online Daters: usually bored kids who ask random girls out in games, most of those kids get cyberbullied and offended till they quit

Manipulators: revelant roblox players that use fans for own gains, like raiding or cyberbullying people like online daters and developers with bad reputation.
Trolls: people who join social/hangout places or places in general to say innapropiate things or insult players.
Unfriendly adult playerbase: toxic adults whom insult casual or young young aged players.
They're trolls that are ruining the game for you....
If your child is under 13 Roblox will blank out words that may be harmful.
But you use Real money to buy Robux and now comes the problem.
And sometimes a Robux scam games pops up, and these kind of games trying to fool you and take all your robux.
So he can just steal all the things you have and thats a problem because Roblox is not so quick to remove those games.
And that causes many accounts are scammed (Fooled)
If your child goes on those games, that's nobody's fault but theirs (and yours for bad parenting!)
Many of the people who ask for "sex" are just kids behind a screen who don't have their parents home.
Don't want to do it?
Leave the game.
There is always the occasional immature child who constantly tries to bypass the filter and say "fuyk you", but there's not much you can do about it and they exist in almost every game.
In my opinion, the roblox filter is quite strong, and can even get annoying when you are trying to talk to friends.
I almost forgot about clans/groups!
Yes, many war clanners are toxic, it's very easy to ignore them.
In conclusion, while roblox has a few unsafe games, 99 percent of the time they are so hard to find, it is the child's fault for going on them, or they are on it voluntarily (just leave the game, not hard to do it).
oh yeah and their robux buying system is absolute ####, i contacted their support system twice and they still havent fixed the error i keep getting
If you catch your child watching these videos please make sure they do not follow the steps, as it could lead to them being hacked.
If your child is being bullied/harassed you can block them by typing in their username, going to their profile, clicking the three dots and clicking "Block User"

I will not review games because, if you have stuck around and read this, Account Restrictions will stop players for accessing inappropriate content

I hope you enjoyed my review!
I don't know why I still play it, because It's really boring!
It isn't fun when you play, because there are no fun games, and you get bullied because you have no Robux!
In some games, it can also get really sexual, so I don't recommend this game for younger kids!
Roblox isn't a very "Child-Friendly" game it contains swearing, you can give out any of your information even with safe chat and there are a lot of child predators on that game so to parents don't let an 8 yr old play this game or any child that's under 13
So lets start with this,first of all roblox is a 10+ game so minor ages kids are not recommended to play.Second off all Roblox is a teenager game so "violence" and blood are normal into this types of games,Roblox is pretty good in his moderation but you should remember that theres more than a BILLION of user and no more than 100+ admins so is pretty hard to moderate,also is impossible to censure every word so its normal to see Douc**bags swearing,also robux IS FUCK*** OPTIONAL you dont need to buy your kid 
I think its a kid friendly, but i have been playing it for 2 years and 2 things that are the worst on roblox are online dating, and robux scams,

1.
Robux scams.
The worst thing ever, Always puts messages in chats of games of "go to this website to get freeeee robux" and all it does is trick young kids to give their password then they steal their account to share EVEN MORE robux scams.
Another thing is that some people tease people for not having the roblox currency called robux.
Its dumb, just like buying a car that is 30000$ thats worse then a 6500$ car, One last thing is that there is a filter, it is somewhat good, but people complain about people bypassing it, so they make it more strict, and more strict, and so on.
almost making it so you cant talk.
The chat in roblox is really strict.
Anything you say that’s inappropriate will get turned into hashtags so for example if I put the f word in the chat it will be this ####.
Listen, Roblox has its downsides, yes, but what do you expect from a game that’s mainly user based?
which is pretty unavoidable, however that doesn’t mean that the game completely sucks because of a few bad people.
And to those who complain about “needing robux to look cool” are you kidding?
Just let yourself be you and if people tell you you’re not a good person because you don’t have robux, they’re wrong, because it only matters about who you are as a person.
Also, people concerned about their account being taken, here’s my advice: Make a strong password, no, Strongpassword123 isn’t a very good password.
Don’t click fishy links or give your information to any website that isn’t the official Roblox website.
There have been people (including my friends) who have gotten hacked just from clicking the link and they send the fishy link to you pretending to be your friend, don’t go to it!
Very similar to the previous ones, but there are spam bots that post fishy links on clothing and group comments, or even in game, don’t go to those either.
There are also scam games that are usually called “Free robux!” No matter how legit they seem, please do not give your information to them.
Sorry for the long one, just had to get it off of my chest.
On the bad side, you have exploiters that have a main goal to "troll" kids, another bad one would be very money hungry, aswell as some of the developers.
There are plenty of problems, though.
For one, there's the large amount of scams that run rampant on the site.
Then there's the inappropriate content.
What it boils down to is a bunch of edgy teens thinking it's funny to ruin the experience for others.
Although this is an issue, it's not as bad as you might think it is.
It's quite rare to actually find these things unless you are explicitly looking for them.
One point I rarely see truly spoken of is the bullying, and while quite a few children get bullied for not spending money on the game and are so called "bacon hairs", the problem stems mostly from spoiled brats who can be easily ignored if you block them or don't go to their "breeding grounds"(role-playing games like Meepcity and Roblox High School 2).
Simply put, DON'T PLAY THEM IF YOU ARE SENSITIVE TO VIOLENCE.
There is a chance you may see a bad word in the game from filter bypassing, If you see a no-no word, There is a report user function that allows you to report whoever said the naughty word, There is a 50/50 chance the user could get banned.
There's a chance that a user can upload a graphic or disgusting game and it'll take a while for the moderation to catch it.
The moderation system in this game is very flawed so there is a chance your kid might get terminated for no reason whatsoever.
If some graphic image lands on the website, It will eventually be deleted.
Roblox is often looked upon as inappropriate and poorly monitored.
Roblox has many security features, such as a highly strict chat filter, inability to share social media links if the player is under 13, and a pin that parents can attach to the account which must be entered to change settings.
You can also disable the chat within the settings, making it impossible for strangers to communicate with your children.
Of course, like any game, there will always be immature players who find ways around the filter.
As to violence, there are multiple games that involve attacking other players or NPCs.
The weapons are often swords, guns, or knives, which aren't terribly realistic.
However, I don't think that any type of violence, especially guns, is appropriate for younger kids, and that is why I think that Roblox should be 12+.
In terms of sexual content, some online daters manage to use seemingly innocent animations and turn them into inappropriate positions.
You can send a report to the moderators under anyone's username, however Roblox does not always read reports as much as they should.
If that's not enough, for whatever reason,  just don't let your kids play it.
While I see many views about roblox being 'unsafe' and having 'poor moderation' I would like to make you aware of some things.
Firstly inappropriate chat.
Secondly inappropriate games.
I do not deny that in my 2 years of playing roblox I have  seen some games inappropriate for younger users.
However ROBLOX is very swift at taking down these games and if you moderate your child / have their chat disabled they will most likely never find them.
Thirdly, account terminations
Very simple to those saying Roblox has unfair bans.
However there are a lot of slip ups in moderation considering 1 billion people play this game.
just try to to get scammed there and don't bully.
oh and some people call you a noob, sometimes, they're a noob themselves.
reporting hardly does anything, from my experience.
Although some games are supposed to be innocent, people can still take advantage of it and do pretty inappropriate things.
Some games can contain violence, but a very, VERY few include blood and gore.
Roblox players can chat in-game, and some people can be not the most appropriate person.
Although Roblox's censoring from swear words to hashtags is a bit broken, it's better to be safe than to hear a ton of people swearing.
If you are not comfortable with the chatting system, you can go to settings and disable chat.
From the starting of last year, roblox has been a boring place where you keep playing the same popular games.
The people who curse will always find out a way to curse in roblox.
Reporting players has never worked for me.
I also got robux with my own money last year and believe me, ROBUX IS A WASTE OF MONEY.
I have 200+ robux left and I don't know what to do with it.
My father even started thinking that roblox is hacked or something.
It makes it so certain things are filtered.
roblox recently removed a place called the "forums" where you could get help.
it was heavily moderated but also pretty bad.
there was alot of trolls posting things such as "how do i breathe i swallowed a shovel" or something along those lines.
roblox has tried its best to alienate users in my opinion.
they filter some of the dumbest things which get turned into hashtags.
they sometimes filter "wall" and "well" for no reason.
there are also alot of people who bypass roblox's system and upload innapropriate content and racist decals.
people are also uploading viruses to the game's model section, but if you dont insert them into your game you are safe.
The only problem is that people can ask for personal info, which is really rare for Roblox.
And, there are barely any games that are not child friendly, so dont think it’s 18+.
(In my opinion...) But personally in my experiences, Roblox is a targeted bullying game for the young ones...
I believe little kids under 11, will get offended by this... Another heave of junk is "online dating."
ive been playing roblox for years i joined in 2015 from the start people werent rude as now but ive gotta say as years went users started calling each others noobs if your rich your an oder (online dater) if your good at something they call you hacker and if you have nothing or yet just started any kind of game depends tho they will call you a noob.I've honestly never seen something more rude in my life neither that dumb communism.When online dating started there was a one big fat community of users acting 
Roblox can be safe BUT some games can be VERY inappropriate.
this game doesnt send any good messages because its not really a educational game i am a ex-Roblox online dater and i say it can be dangerous in game like "adopt and raise a cute baby" and games similar to that if your kid has a computer and plays roblox on it there is alot of good games for computers for phone there is a good game called "iron sights" but if your not ok with your child playing violent game (remember theres no blood in most of the games) you child can play roleplaying games (but those haves
i think so yeah they are also alot of games where you dont have to roleplay or have violence but if your kids know how to keep themselves safe or are aloud to play games with violence but if there are blood them it wouldnt leak or stay on the players body it would just be the lazy blood effect and thats it
This game has experienced some safety issues I never or rarely ever encounter.
There are cool games but can be violent.
Users also swear, there is also sex and pedophiles on this game.
Honestly, there are a lot of ransom or strangers promising free robux but will instead use these information to hack your account and so on.
I only rate it 4 starts because:

Hackers: These persons messes with the game and starts inserting things that are not good for children, some of them are good and don't mess with the game but still get punish.
Scam bots: These bots just spam on group walls or games like this
Hey!
If you see someone with those dont go to insult them, they could be an innocent child just wearing these to look cool.
Well since 2017 or so, i have heard roblox has not read any reports since then, and of 2018 roblox began to ban people for really, doing nothing, i have seen reports and image on people that is banned because of posting a meme like in January 2018, the ugandan knuckles meme, even posting a model or a image related to it can get you warned or ban in 3 days, not also memes, roblox had even ban people that are not posting memes like saying something that the moderators of roblox view as "innapropiate" roblox h
Parents, if your debating letting you child play this game because it's online, or unsafe, then stop debating!
I have spent quit a bit of money on Roblox, and I regret a buying a few things.
also there are free robux scams going around but they are fake and you should never believe them.
I tried emailing roblox about losing over 600 dollars worth of items and they never responded.
Horrible service.
There is trolls and people that swear but you can report them and block them or leave the game.
There may be violence in certain games but its just blood drawn in paint and its very easy to avoid.
There is scammers in the comments, so you should warn your child about there is no free robux, at all.
Many parents believe that Roblox is not appropriate (Hence their dumb reviews), maybe due to online daters trying to make it inappropriate.
If your parents think it's not for kids, tell them the truth.
Some games are very violent, and inappropriate users can say and do inappropriate things.
Roblox is a really good game, but there are games with TONS of inappropriate content, I have seen many games that contain users swearing, harassing others, and more!
The administrators of games sometimes abuse their power and kick/ban other people for the fun of it!
With safe chat on some swear words still pass the filter, which means your kids can learn bad words without even knowing that it's actually bad!
They don't allow swearing in comments or games.
Well, there has reportedly been sexual abuse with the players.
Od’ers: aka Online daters they are making the game more unfun and just it sucks when you can’t play without someone saying “wanna date?” Also it did a bad thing to us non-OD’ers it filltered the chat like big time.
SCAM: now this is just for kids they think that there’s such thing as “free” HA NOPE WELCOME TO THE REAL WORLD KIDS!
So this is how they get hacked.
Bots: likes scam but they spread the scams.
Idiots/gold diggers/brats (you get it): they ruin everything they this there so rich they have all the power and poor people suck but really they suck.
Idiots ruin some games and that just ugh.
Gold diggers are “can I have robux?” I’m poor I only have 278373 robux I’m poor!”
5. what ever you can think of: so this is only for people who been playing roblox for 5+ years
6.
SEX games: (kids go away) yes there is such things but not a lot u get the idea
7. meepcity: I’ve said enough.
(Also, some players can be incredibly cruel, so try to find a kid friendly server, or just block the cruel players.
There have been reports of scammers and hackers on specific games.
Be aware that these people will scam anyone to make a buck, so be aware of them.
Long story short about this one: block them and report them.
Sure, some moderators are not good at handling their job, but others go above and beyond to help resolve issues.
There is a small chance that you'll run into anyone who can bypass the filter (or hack a game into saying bad words on the screen) you can report them by clicking/tapping on their username in the player list and clicking/tapping the 'Report Abuse' button.
If they're terminated and is back on ROBLOX, I doubt you'll run into them!
The violence in this game isn't too bad.
There is some guns, bombs, etc, but the actual blood/gore is hardly ever even seen in the game.
So if you don't want your child buying these things, just tell them not to!
There was another currency called 'Tix' but unfortunately that was removed on April 15th 2016.
Hacking/Exploiting on games isn't that common.
I'm not going to say which ones, because the creators/developers might see this and be offended.
You can get banned for saying things like that, or terminated.
If you've done something silly or dressed like a new player, some people will call you a noob.
It's kind of a trend about making parody "sad stories" with poor grammar and action.
Toxic community.
These dumb kids NEED to respect others, or at least get banned.
Yeah, watch out for people who online date, it's dangerous, don't give out your private info.
It sucks.
You report and nothing.
4: Game Quality II: A large section of the games is poorly scripted and built.
5: Youtubers Part II: There's LOTS of clickbaiters out there, for example 6robloxlover9, he used to scam kids and all that.
Roblox is a great game but the only thing is that there are online daters out there and if your 3 year old plays ... uno whats gonna happen
Sadly on Roblox people will scam you for your account by asking for your password for robux.
Some things are though way more expensive and even some games costs Robux for example a game called Bloxburg, it costs 25 robux and is almost just like Sims 4 you get to build your own house, and go to work to earn money.
If someone says a no-no word go to the three dots in game and go to the flag and report them Roblox admins will check and ban them.
I have seen one inappropriate game but it turns out to be fake and not an innapropiate game.
It does cost many to get.
Some games can get very inappropriate though, but roblox monitors games and if they get very bad, they remove them.
it is slow and boring and best for younger kids
They are scammers and if your child finds one tell them to report it and block them and do not listen to any other link they say.
If your child stumbles upon an inappropriate game, tell them to report it and do not enter.
To be honest, its bad.
Reports often get flooded which may never reach the moderator.
I dont know why so many parents are angry about this game.
Half of them haven't even probably played and just went by what their kid said.
Well parents are forgeting the point of roblox.
There are also groups and chats on them and sometimes scammers can get on there and spam it with 'Free Robux' sites, and those sites are complete scams.
Inappropriate games get banned from ROBLOX!
Well It let's kids create there own groups and some can be inappropriate like a group i knew about that I don't want to mention in game there can be nude characters don't play just take my word for it i'm a former roblox player.
Doesn't have a friendly community.
Games can be violent, inappropriate.
Sex is very little but recently, they've cracked down on it.
This does cost money.
People do bully but they end up getting banned if they carry on.
Illegal/sexual images can be bypassed, but always get banned.
Violence like Phantom Forces are RPG'S.
These people can be highly unsuitable for people under 13 years old, and if you read some of the other stuff (probably) somewhere on this message, there's something that has to do with this.
Number two, swearing.
These people swear a lot.
They usually censor out stuff like the "F" word like this:
"f***"
(Also, I don't swear, just giving an example.)
It's really stupid.
These people do things to "roleplay" like:
*smokes*
*gets dr*nk*
and more.
(In my country the legal age to drink is 19+)
Overall, it's not very appropriate.
OK so first things first, the protection it protects users under 12 but predators can still try to date with the kids and fake their age for example: 10 or 12
the second is that they have rules but the no online dating has been ignored since 2006 
roblox recently banned pewdiepie when he did nothing but did a 1 hour stream of himself playing the game and enjoying it 
this has to be embarrassing because having that advantage of the no 1. you tuber playing your game is a big advantage because of the amount of
roblox is hacked now and is on the brink of collapse.
You don't wanna code?
You can just play other peoples games.
But I am worried about Roblox's future because of the one and only... NEWS STATIONS!
They are talking about how a lot of players are "child predators" and how it's rated kids 7-12.
And second, how do kids even find these people asking for information?
And there talking about how there is a lot of people are "inappropriate" well there is like 300 admins and thousands maybe millions of reports everyday.
Do you really expect a small team of admins to handle every single report?
Oh and also if you do not know what a report is.
Just stop with roblox there trying the best they can and if you still want your child to be super safe.
There will be swearing, but nothing too bad.
There is a thing that’s against the rules, online dating, but you could report them (though it might not work).
There will be inappropriate people, but that is rarely found in this game.
I don’t thing anyone below 7 should play, because there can be things that can scar them.
Cons: Roblox Has Scam Bots That Are Not Really A Threat To Children Because They Only Scam Accounts Out Of You.
They're So Boring.
Its Worse Than The 2013 One.
Too Scrict.
You Cannot Say Words Like Quible Or hdhfeufef.
Edit: Roblox is becoming more bad and they keep removing stuff and banning players for no reason.
They're other games that have language, violence, and sex.
Also I had seen people in MeepCity online date it’s againest the rules as well i also seen people curse and say inappropriate stuff about porn.
ROBLOX has a chat filter for those that are 13 and under which some people by pass it and say inappropriate things.
The moderation system is really bad if you report basically nothing happens.
The word "noob" gets tossed around a lot, but most of the time it is for someone doing something stupid or a new player.
From hackers to online daters, there are things to be worried about.
However, there is barely any sexual topics, pictures, or references.
If it does happen to pop up then the moderators take swift & immediate action.
There are also ways pedophiles may contact your child's account, however, all you have to do is go to their profile, click report, then click the three dots to the top right scroll down until you see "Block User".
Please don't throw it away from your child due to false reports, inexperienced users, etc.
Roblox is not a game.
It does include a little bit of violence however.
But this isn’t like call of duty.
People use this as an insult.
Online dated,OD’er: people who online date or people get called this because people are attempting to insult them.
But sometimes some other players go too far, they start doing 18+ stuff, or start swearing or talking "trash" about being a noob or something else.
And trollers, they start messing stuff up.
And about the filter system, if the Roblox account is under the age of 12, numbers will be tagged (#), even bad words or inappropriate words.
If the Roblox account is above 12, you are able to say numbers, bad words and inappropriate words will still be tagged, Some people are trying to bypass the filter system.Even the moderation system is very poorly supervised!
Ive spent over $200 already in just 6 month of playing it.
Let me first up say I'm black and a female so I try to make my avatar look like me in real life and people will just think im not black and call me fake and vhoe.
Let me get this started that most of those people are from the hood people.
But they are people who dont have an actual life so they play roblox and tease younger kids to make them feeel good about themselves.
If your a dumb teen , you would give ur personal information out but if you had logic then you wouldn't which is expected by most.
My parents are very lose on me playing roblox because they always have work so I always play it for hours untill i get bored.
BUT PEOPLE INDA HHOOOD ACT BLACK WHEN THERE BLACK!
dont be scared of dem hoes plase
Take it from someone who has played for a while, I have only seen something 5 times in 3 years of play that has violated the terms of service and I was able to report it immediately.
If you don’t think they can handle that, have 30 mins of playtime, take a break and repeat.
All the other reviews are from fat pigs who are mad because they are not accepted in society.
I believe that just cause your salty about sucking at the game, you shouldn't ruin it for other kids waiting to be corrupted.
I'm a 11 year old girl so please don't be mean.
DON'T EVER GO ON THIS SITE!
Once my little sister was playing the game shes only 6,  and she joined this gun game and she got shot and she saw someone say a bad word, they bypassed the filiter.
They also just want money, it's way to much consumerism, like my mum has wasted about £100 just to buy my little sister things called robux.
I clicked on a game called something like "Bloxburg" and it was one of the roleplay games, I saw that you had to pay to play the game so thats more money gone, so I didn't play that.
I left because I got bored, after I searched in the search bar, "Zombie" and I joined a game with 2 players in it and it had all blood all over the walls and zombies that kill you, you fall into peaces when you die.
DO NOT PLAY THIS!
But when i had one of my accounts I made in 2016 to early 2018 one day it got hacked I did the right email and right password but it didnt work.
:( Then i had to make a new account.
Also some people bypass the filiter and say bad words...
There are a lot of reviews for roblox, which usually say the game is not good for your kids.
These are misleading.
Let's start with ROBLOX being greedy.
This is why most stuff on the website will cost you.
2nd reason: "Inappropriate behavior/bullying" if someone calls you a noob, this is a common insult that should 99% of the time be ignored completely.
Same thing with bullying, you can ignore people who do it or report them.
The games people say are inappropriate is random, each game is different with their own idea.
Online dating is also a commonly mentioned thing, how ever just report them or move on.
Trying to stop them is impossible.
ROBLOX does have its flaws.
Privacy is an issue, most accounts are at risk of being hacked.
Also, some people say that "ROBLOX does not take a look at reports."
No, there are way, way too many reports for ROBLOX to read all of them.
Roblox is fun except some people ruin others day and that isnt really fun.
Like ODers and exploiters.
The moderation is terrible.
Every time you report someone nothing happens to them in the next 24 hours.
ROBLOX should really update that instead of its design.
Any parents out there should install a camera on their child’s device so they know that if the child is doing anything inappropriate.
Plus ROBLOX should add refunds so if the thing you bought said it would give you something and after you rejoin it isn’t there.
Note: Even though it says too before the category title, it isn’t true for me.
First of all, there are many bullying issues online, especially on roblox.
Roblox faces many Oder-related issues.
It is also possible to purchase invisible clothing, and inappropriate clothing.
Another concern is there are many glitches within the game and it is easy to hack.
Some children’s accounts may be hacked, as well as Robux and other items that they’ve payed for being stolen.
They can make others chat or they can explode them) can be used in worse ways than you may think.
There is an admin called :wolf (whatever someone’s name is) which takes away their clothes.
You may also use these commands to annoy people.
One way to do that is exploding them over and over again, which may cause them to lose progress.
I get kicked out of games with about 40 people in it..
I just do not like how ROBLOX is a laggy game and can cause lots of rage for children younger than me.
There is many people who bypasses the safechat filter and then uses bad words, also, I'd like to feature the online dating which thinks to be supported by THE OWN ROBLOX developers.
Talking about violence, it is fine, it is never that strong to be like GTA.
Don't worry: those games are impossible to be found.
Ever since in 2016, where the developer decided to  publish an update called "parties" where you can join other people's houses, things went downhill.
If you're willing to be bullied by some 10 year olds, or bully some 10 year olds,  this game's for you.
The text filter is bad but can also prevent bad words.
I'm currently hearing a lot about adults having problems with the game, but I can assure you that this game has its ups and downs like any other game and should be treated like any online game.
The app states that it's for 12+, so I'm confused on why parents are complaining that they're five year old children are experiencing bad things in the game.
If you don't want your kids to play those kind of games, don't let them play it and suggest one of the millions of other games on Roblox.
Now the negative's.
First off, I will warn parents that Roblox HQ sometimes let things slip past them or they haven't seen/got rid of players, games, or things that might be inappropriate for players.
My second complaint is the online currency that allows you to buy stuff for your avatar and access certain perks in games, called Robux.
A lot of kids dream for Robux, because most parents won't get it for them.
Why, you ask, would they want some dumb old currency in an online fictional game?
If you don't want to be stuck with items that other people make fun of you for, then you have to pay ROBUX.
And that brings another problem in the Roblox community:bullies.
There is a report system, but I can assure you it doesn't work.
No matter how many times you try to report a person, they never get banned or face consequences for what they've done.
There is inappropriate content, if you search it on the front page, I mean, you need to search for the more inappropriate games that aren't deleted yet, and if you do find one, you can report it.
Secound, there are exploiters that may add  inappropriate content to a game.
Third, the robux scams, mostly younger players fall for these, the game requires you to put your username and password in the game, and later the creator of the game gains access to your account.
I belive that Roblox is appropriate for any age, but a 2-5 years old should not even look at a screen, maybe only at a TV, computers and laptops can be broken easly.
Very good game but certain aspects of the game r not ok like chat their might be swearing or inappropriate stuff .
The real problem is that there is no learning or fun.
first, on another website i heard that someone lured other players into a    
certain game where he set up a space and started sexual actions with them.
The military one can be toxic.
It's like a 1% chance of them being a pedophile.
One thing i'm sick of is the the saying of "Roblox is greedy for removing tix."
Also we have a problem of fake accounts spam joining games.
There is the extreme danger of hackers and other things like that on the internet; Roblox takes it quite seriously and they will definitely advise users of this.
Some of you must be wondering why a 16 year old is playing ROBLOX.
Like, come on!
At least play something else!
Tycoon games attract a population of "tweens" (ages 8-12 is my assumption), but the level of maturity on these games are pretty low.
Role-play games and popular "hangout" places should be avoided at all costs.
The only players on these places are often ODers (Online daters) and scammers (They try to steal your money with ludicrous trades and deals.)
The community of ROBLOX is mildly toxic, as players are often very competitive on many games.
Mild swearing can pop up every now and then, you just have to learn to be mature and not become a sheep and follow the crowd.
Although there are moderators on may servers, some inappropriate content can be shared.
Don't be stupid; you're smarter than that.
Despite the moderators' efforts to keep games appropriate, some inappropriate items can and will always slip through.
Violent games will always be violent, just avoid them if you're not into that.
Oh, and the currency system is completely overrated and overblown.
Avoid games that are pay-to-win.
OK, here's an example: You put nicer on a shirt and get banned, FOR NO REASON.
also there is too much swearing in roblox.
but games like meep city you see 7 year olds busting a nut in a 36 year old trap / pedophile I don’t like that the community all do weird things like online date, and be ”RoGangsters” and have thick legs it disgust me seeing that I’m quite an average player but I play only games that don’t involve any realationships.
Most games are ok, but there are scammers who promise robux.
They might fill your computer with viruses and stuff.
I just annoy the online dater who requested me (AKA lowkey trolling), just not hardcorely, soft annoying.
Despite people call each other noobs, I think it is very rude but you can make friends that are also noobs, and make friends.
When you die in Roblox you say “oof” that is all.
I’ve been hacked many times, don’t share that passworrd!
Yes, some games have violence,
But it is okay.
There are scams that can steal your information / account.
In 2019, the moderators are bad because they never ban people.
Online dating is against the Terms of Service but the admins do not care.
There are guns but the games with guns are good (probably a zombie game) There is filtering but it’s bad.
Words like sh!!
and fu*!
can be said like fu11 ck, fu11 ck ing, $h!t, and awss (ass).
If you want to keep your kids away from violent games, then just don't let them play the violent ones such as "Phanton Forces" or "Those Who Remain".
There are some bloody shooting games but there not that grafic.
Games you wanna stay away from are the games with sex related titles.
You all should really get an account.
An adult image would get deleted if submitted to their website.
When I played on the website  was about last year the website tends to brainwash children (i was brainwashed) into thinking that if you want to look great (many tend to bully because they look like a "noob") then you have to buy robux.
(the currency of the website) There are weirdos in the website asking you your name and even your address.
There are many people that flirt with you and in role play games some people act out  very inappropriate stuff, and have games that should be for people 18 and older.
Safe chat is really stupid because you cant say things like numbers and even simple words like :the.
I got hacked like 10 times got scammed twice.
I do not recommend this game to children under the age of 15 but it does have a huge variety of games.
And unfortunately, there are so many things wrong with this game I don't know where to begin.
Well, let's start off with the fact that you can't make your character look half-decent without spending money to buy Robux - the virtual currency of this game.
Next up, Roblox has been involved in many recent controversies - oopsies that the administrators/moderators never bothered to resolve, thus creating a rather bad reputation for themselves.
They accidentally gave random players myriads of Robux, they scammed a whole load of players who bought exclusive items during the President's Day Sale due to a glitch that allowed players to obtain the item for free, they banned famous YouTuber PewDiePie for an unknown reason (and the explanation only made things worse), they show bias towards some YouTubers and dislike others, and the list goes on and on.
What is NOT worth your time are the interminable simulators.
Sure, there are a few decent simulators out there, but there are far too many "hatch eggs to collect pets!"
This endless cycle can seriously bore people.
I'm not going to touch the FPS or shooter or "violent" games.
If you don't like shooting  and killing Lego men, don't play those games.
One last thing: I've joined a party at MeepCity ( not because I like the game, but because I wanted to check the state of the game's community) and saw atrocious obscenities being blurted out in chat by various players that think that talking about sex is a perfectly normal thing.
They were clearly violating the Roblox ToS and Rules, and so I reported most of them.
Improve your report system, Roblox!
Overall a substandard disappointment.
My only concerns about this are for the community and updates.
The community can get kind of toxic, and annoying to deal with.
Some games on roblox are lucky enough to avoid these kind of people entirely.
There is also some updates to roblox that can get kinda annoying, but not a problem for children.
It's more like an App Store than an actual game.
However, there are games that younger kids should stay away from, which contain some unrealistic violence, but might still scare some young kids.
Their moderation/filtering system isn't that great, so tell your child to close the chat window if they see bad language.
DON'T LET YOUR CHILD PLAY THIS GAME, THEY MOST LIKELY WILL BE EXPOSED TO PORNOGRAPHY, NUDITY, SWEARING, DRUGS.
ALCOHOL, RACISM, AND BEFORE YOU KNOW IT THEY WILL BE BEGGING YOU FOR THE IN GAME CURRENCY CALLED 'ROBUX'
IT ALSO ALLOWS USERS TO MAKE OR UPLOAD THEY'RE  OWN GAMES, AUDIOS, DECALS (IMAGES), OBJECTS, ETC.
I ADVISE ALL PARENTS TO NOT LET YOU'RE TEEN OR CHILD PLAY THIS GAME.
DO NOT LET YOU'RE LITTLE ONE PLAY THIS GAME!!!!!
They can chat with other people, if you don't like that your child is doing that, this game is not for you.
Report Abuse - Have a Problem with a Player?
Just go to the Report Abuse tab, select their username, and select what they did wrong, then write a sentence on what happened, people say they don't read reports, they're wrong.
But, don't stalk someone to make sure they're punished.
It has a lot of people cursing, you get falsely banned, There is a game called "Jailbreak" it has lots of blood and guns.
Do not play this game.
You stupid people 1-star raters.
But sometimes, things simply get OUT OF HAND.
Obviously, there will be some child predators looking for ways to collect innocent children, and that is why you'd have to moderate who your child is talking to.
The reason that you simply have to moderate (and I mean check up like once or twice a month, not like stalking them) is that the odds of a predator being behind an account is very slim (1 in 1,000).
Another problem is that the moderation is very poor.
Many people are starting to assume that the moderators are bots.
Disgusting, I know.
I believe that it was removed and/or the player behind it was banned.
I can go on about some more bad things, but this is turning into an essay to I'll get started with the good things.
The chances of someone writing "no-no words" into the chat are low, since it isn't too easy to bypass the chat filter.
The bad thing is, people have discovered ways to bypass it with numbers.
That means that it is possible for a predator (this is a very uncommon thing to happen) to get a phone number, or even an address out of a child by telling them how to bypass the filter.
Anyways, I'll say one more bad thing before ending this.
ROBLOX is great, but it's just full of BS.
One of the things that I really dislike though is how ROBLOX gets greedy.
The website constantly advertises buying "Robux", which is a fake currency that you can buy with real money.
The thing is, these groups are too strict.
Most of the time, they require perfect grammar from CHILDREN to seem "professional" which annoys me.
Good thing ROBLOX has a safe chat if you say a bad word it will show up like this "####" and if your 5 and under, Dont JOIN Phantom Forces it's like a shooting game with blood and there are online daters "ODer for short" and people are jerks then they make free robux games.
and some people dont do safe chat like they do the nice messages but rich people call people that just joined "noobs" and if you want a friend friend me damenangrybird
Don’t trust people who want to date sure they might look pretty in ROBLOX but it’s a lego game.
They might be Hideous in real life.
So never play more safer games that’s not meep city or adopt me
Other than the overpriced Robux.
Everything in the Catalog is very expensive, and a dollar = 80 Robux.
Hi, I'm a veteran on Roblox, I played this game several years ago, and it's now getting really boring.
Smart, but small and bad moderation
3.
Lazy games.
As a 15 year old, I have a friend that has became toxic, lazy, and downright heading the wrong direction in life, because of the negative influence from Roblox.
There used to be Forums, but they became so polluted with toxic posts and arguments that the game has to take it down.
For me, Roblox was a disappointing experience.
It also proves that kids and the internet does not mix well together.
And as for my friend,(Not going to mention his name) He is a lost cause.
There is swearing but who cares.
Roblox is not working child-friendly!
Let's make it SO pornographic, and to look nice, the children have to pay!''
So apparently, they LIKED that idea and turned a NICE community into a community of perverted 20-ish year olds.
Now, having been stuck with Pornblox for 3/2 years right now, the games have become downright BORING AND SEXUAL!
This stupid game even removed tix!
I have had 3 accounts hacked.
gamemodes where they literally ask you for your password to hack you.
You can get very rude language from players.
The moderators just don't catch it quick enough.
I have been told 'fmck off', 'sh1t', and '1 n33d m4 p0ussy sucked.'
How disgusting!
To sum up, don't play this game, kids.
Terrible.
in roblox noob means beginner or for some who it means you havent got robux and there just calling your childs characters name NOT your child.
I mean, its alright.Though when hackers and trollers come in it ruins it completely.Its a family friendly website for kids but in the same time just god awful.Thank you for reading this.
So You know a lot of adults always say "Oh, it has a lot of violence" or "People can just swear" but i am here to cover the wrong things up.
From now on (until it's turned off by someone) your kid cannot play any games with high level of violence like murder mystery, jailbreak, etc.
If you decide to give your kid a ROBLOX Gift card, i do not recommend that, as people on roblox randomly types in random code and can get your Gift Card as invalid.
And don’t worry about people calling you noobs.
It has nothing to do with swearing.
You should NEVER go on supposedly “Free robux” sites.
They NEVER work.
They ask for your password to get to your account and steal it!
They are just bots playing the game for people to join it!
Again, thats just a scam!
But enough of the “Free robux” games.
The parents literally think that if the game is "child friendly" its PERFECT no it isn't.
As I am a 13 year old I've played for 8 years since I was 5

I've seen swearing people or whatever back then, But  roblox has gone a bit too far with the filter people easily bypass it but roblox patches exploits and bypasses every Wednesday back in 2018 - 2017
People could exploit almost every game.
but they seem to get waaay to much.
But I don't care the parents seem to "in-slave there own kids being very strict over which videos and games they watch.
Roblox isn't a perfect game if you thought just like all other games, There are always people hacking!
Just calm down let the kids take a break from the electronics or some sh!t.
I swear this took a-bit)

Yeah k bye time to be edgy af.
In all due respect It seems like almost all privacy concerns are the Kids faults, You would have to put great effort into getting in trouble.
The moderation is taken out of context and here is why, if you use the site and you are over 12 (select 13+ during account creation) then you can see numbers and more language.
The moderation seems to get a bad rap for being sloppy, to this I say that it is very sloppy and very hard to get through, It tags way more than it should to an annoying degree.
I noticed a few years ago when my account was changed to over 13 that the system allowed more questionable language that is closer to swearing like "aw h#ll" but not really swear words.
A stupid idiot teenager could get themselves in trouble but you would have to try and at that point its all the users fault.
Frankly the complaints seem to come from parents saying that kids get addicted and thats not the games fault.
Your kids are your problem.
People who say people on roblox are pedophiles are only accounting for 1/100000 (at most) of the people playing, and pretending the other 99999/100000 don't exist.
In a few games there are people who will roleplay inappropriate things.
So roblox a kid friendly game, but some stuff happen.
(this review sucks)
Although some games are inapropriate, they are really hard to find nowadays, since the moderators are actually putting in an effort to vanquis these games.
I've gotten to know the community, and it's pretty toxic.
I must say, people think the community is bad but they really only see the bad side of it.
When people search up ROBLOX, they find all these bad reviews from people that haven't played it much.
And all they find from the reviews is the people meeting trollers, which I've dealt with a lot.
I will admit ROBLOX has problems, like scammers and password guessers, which is why you should make a complex password or the name of something with a couple numbers.
They simply don't have enough admins to cover millions of active users each day, and by giving them a bad name you simply make it worse for a good game to have good people play it.
By people saying ROBLOX has a bad moderation system, they don't realize that they attract more people that do bad things.
And the people that have their children exploited, (Exploiting is something that isn't hacking, but is something that the game already has, like if someone without admin is exploiting they are probably running through walls ( nocipping ) which people need to realize before making comments.)
ROBLOX overall is interpreted the wrong way and I myself have always loved roblox.
Nothing bad has really happened on roblox besides your average exploiters.
And your kid may be cyber bullied because he may have no robux, but he should remember nobody is really rich on roblox even if they say they are.
People can be mean but tell your kid that don't care what they say, they're just kids like them.
Roblox may also have predators, which people talk about all the time.
but in reality in all my years I've never met what these people call "Child Predators".
People will troll, trying to get your kid off the website by trying weird stuff, but you need to remind your kid to write down their username, if they can take a screenshot, do it.
You can report them, people will say it doesn't work.
but if you send proof via email to the roblox support team you can probably get someone banned.
And if your kid can't do anything about it, tell them to just leave the game and block them.
By blocking them they can never join your game.
People (,that could be you,) make games on this website for millions to play.
First, the games are community built, so there are some downsides to look at:

Games that include Phantom Forces, Those Who Remain, and many others include FPS experiences that include violence and gore.
For parents, it's epecially harder to keep track whether or not younger children are playing these types of games.
The only way you can prevent this from happening is just keeping an eye out.
Games such as Meepcity are sometimes covered in online daters that can cause inappropriate content for anybody, young or old.
Sights of people having a 'Party' in Meepcity, showing inappropriate content which I prefer not to say were spotted, and now sort-of fixed by the developer of this game in ROBLOX.
And because this is community based there are games that include extremely inappropriate content.
This keeps swear words and inappropriate content to be put into the chat system.
Say that somebody says, "F*** you!"
or something along those lines, but lets stick to F you.
Punishment:

This is known as Reporting, which kids on ROBLOX should learn to use in a bad situation.
You can report players for various reasons, including bullying, swearing (if a person dares to), explit content, hacking, spamming, offsite-links, and possibly a few more I can't think of off the top of my head.
Money:

For me, this is one of the most important downsides to me.
(TIX, the free earnable currency that is worth less, has been removed.)
Many people show off their hats and cloths and the big con is that some kids will feel like they aren't accepted and they need hats and cool clothing to be noticed which is a sad thing about the community.
These can even go as far as a child being called a noob, or newbie, for being in a default avatar state.
Some problems:
Bypassing the Filter:
Some users use Roblox for the wrong thing.
Online Dating is a thing on Roblox which is NOT allowed in any form.
CONS: You sometimes will get games where it's bad and there's blood and horribleness but just try your best to watch over your child and make sure you know what there doing.
You just wanna make sure they put it so there year of birth is correct so Roblox can stop the nasty people in the game.
Some swearing can get through the censors, but not much.
One thing I don't like about it is that if you want to make your avatar look decent you need to buy Robux with real money, they kinda push it on you a lot.
There might be some inappropriate stuff but there is not a lot of that stuff.
It is super good but bad
1.
The community can be bad being mean and doing bad stuff and that leads into number 
2.
You can report but honestly I don't think it really does anything.
There is a filter it hashtags out bad words.
It also hashtags some innocent words.
If you don't have Robux you can get other clothes but, people could be mean and not accept you in there groups.
Do not fall for robux scams they may say they will give you robux but you have to go on the website (It most likely will look like roblox sign in but DON'T SIGN IN) If you sign in and put your username and password they will see what you put and  will log in YOUR account and take your Robux (If you have some) and your account and change your password and make your account scam others (I read about it online and on YouTube videos)

2.
Also if someone says they are going to hack you!
Screenshot their name (maybe there profile picture) and save it that way you can report them and maybe they might get banned (Ik earlier I said report doesn't work but, it might.
I think you can appeal to Roblox if you get banned for no reason.
Now it is really hard to get a name in Roblox because names are taken.
Also Roblox is starting to get rid of some names because they are inappropriate.
But the thing is that there's alot of parents complaining about these type of games, and if you're a parent who has a child that play Roblox, then you may know that there may be some annoying and rude people you can meet.
There is also a function in the settings bar where you can enable a more secure way for your children, it makes games with "violence" and such go disabled.
I can't gurantee this stops your child from seeing rude people but it at least takes care of the more grown-up type of games.
Other wise anything your child sees, cannot be put blame on Roblox.
Roblox uses a censoring but it's kind of eh.
Some games are also sexual or have mild violence.
Also, the robux system can be way too expensive, so be careful and watch out for scamming accounts and hackers.
(reporting also never really works but you can block players)
And A LOT of scammers
THEY UPDATED IT TO WHERE THE COMMANDS, music, gear, and fling have been removed so I would like to say stop, only three commands got moved to admin but they took out the good ones, just stop roblox.
just stop.
Violence isn't that bad, in some games they have gore but their usually uncommon, sex & swearing are the main problems, sex in this "kids game" they have A LOT of emotes that allow players to go into sexual positions, in some rare cases (this happend to me a few times) you will be hit to the ground and abused, I love roblox  it is very fun but I don't think it is a good idea to let your children play this.
IF you let your children play Roblox you should probably disable chat and create a pin to make sure he or she doesnt change it.
If you dont allow your child to play online then this might not be the best game but if u do then this is a good game can be a lil violent your limbs pop off when you die but no blood only in some games though the chat system has moderators so it blocks out non appropriate language/other things but people find a way to get past it with symbols no drinking not a lot of language or violence a lot of consumerism of money though make and check there account once in a while if there’s any suspicious activity and
The problem with the game is not the actual people cursing or too much violence.
Its that the safety of players is not taken as seriously recently.
Because bots are everywhere on Roblox and they can steal accounts.
Just stop with everything about this game being horrible for kids.
Parents are honestly making up these stories about sex offenders and computer viruses because they saw one thing weird happen in roblox and say “your not allowed to play this”.
And sometimes the chat filter glitches so it censored out random words.
And yes, there are some violent games and cytology items like guns and explosives, but those are aimed at older kids 13 and up.
Games like “Phantom forces” and “Unit 1968 Vietnam” are games that involve shooting and killing, but are Aimed at older players.
Why Do I Think Roblox Is Fun?
Bad Stuff:
Roblox Is Fun, But When It Comes To Playing It Might Be Dangerous.
Online Dating: Online Dating Or ODing Is Dangerous To Your Child Because You Don't Know The Exact Age Of the Person He Or She Is Dating.
Swearing:
Sometimes You Can Bypass The System on Roblox And Say Bad Things.
Children Really Need To Be Extra Careful When Playing because if They Don't And See the Word That Someone Said, They Could be Saying It!
Consumerism:
Now In Roblox You Have Different Types Of people, But What Really Bugs Me About Roblox Is That It's Robux, Robux Is Simply A Thing you Can Use To But Special Stuff In The Game, However Children Get
Cyberbullied Because They Don't have robux and call them noobs for simply having no robux.
Simply The Robux And Builders Club Are Also Overpriced.
Robux On The Other Hand Is Crazy.
In Conclusion i Think That Roblox Is A Good Platform For Children, But it Has Some Tweeny Tiny Problems That Simply Can Annoy me And Tons Of Parents, But Parents Can be Often Too Protective.
Roblox only has violence if that person made the game.
Sometimes the chat is bad since people said that they swearing but they don't they may say something like spamming the keyboard.
And the death just breaks down the player into pieces, as you see in lego games.
They have this money thing called robux that you have to pay for real money.
the violence is only bad if games like pc games are bad.
This platform has some violence games, I recommend forbidding your child from playing specific games cause some games might have blood and gore.
There's also violence gears, but these gears created by Roblox are not that violence, there's bomb but they explode into smoke and no blood.
If your character died there parts fall of, this could be considered gore but there are just legos.
Also a lot of users in roblox bully new users, that are called "Bacon hair" they usually call them "noobs/nubs" which is soft of hypocritical.
On the good side, it is educational, but if your one of those adults who learned their lesson from doing bad things online, it ain't a good choice.
Well, sorry to spill your teas but, YOUR WRONG.
Back in about 2008-2013, there was a inappropriate NPC simply called "Amy".
Inappropiate things.
This included recreations of oral sex, and other things I do not know the name of.
But there are bad things about it such as, the moderation team isn't exactly the best at their job and sometimes they let things slip.
That to say there are things like cursing and things that kids really shouldn't see.
Now, I've said a lot about the bad, but that's really what this half-is.
It does not appear on the site anymore, since it was deleted, but there is still two sides to this.
Either they did it so that they could make money of innocent kids, which isn't true.
So basically, people could bot free money almost out of Roblox and if that kept up, they wouldn't be able to run the site like they still can today.
They have mods/helpers who don't do the best job, but they do eventually get taken down.
They try and try, but they eventually have to find their way down to the chest to figure out themselves because the filter is bad.
They did fix this, but why do you have to say grade before EVERY number?
One bad thing about it and a HUGE problem that comes with it.
There are people on certain games who will bully you or your child for not having enough "Robux".
People bully you because you didn't spend enough real-life money on something in-game.
This makes bullying a huge problem the the moderators sadly never fix.
The last thing I would like to talk about are scammers.
They are people who use games to trick little kids into putting their password in a little box.
So it's a bad thing, but they rarely ever pop up and you or your kid should be able to easily spot them and report the game.
These games usually get taken down in an average of 5-15 minutes and don't show back up.
Also, on the topic of games, there are also murder, mining, shooting, building, minigames, and everything in between.
One last, last thing, the forums, they got deleted earlier last year and it feels that they bootlegged the forums like they did with Club Penguin.
Like, it was dumb because they made like a time limit so you had to be on Roblox for I don't know how long, until it got deleted.
Almost all games are user generated, and the safe chat filter may get you complaining about how you can't say phone, but its strict for a reason.
While there will be scams asking for your password to get Robux, and innapropriate or violent games, you can always tell your kids to not play those.
Also after three years of playing you can kinda lose interest in it (unless your a youtube apperntly also I know I'm bad at spelling)also also you should watch out for hackers and stuff trying to steal your stuff and don't click on games saying free robux also don't share personal  info and passwords
They have a filter so any bad words or inappropriate words are censored with hashtags.
It is not bloody although it has weapons.
If someone broke the rules, you can report them or tell an admin.
There are bots who say they give you free game money (Robux, R.I.P tix) but they actually steal your account so that's a warning.
The reason why people are saying this is bad because some games are infact, 12+.
there is something wrong with HIM, not the game.
I can also make a list of games that are bad for 8 year olds.
One downside of trading though is that the chance of being scammed.
The trading buissness is tough to get into.
Again, pm me on twitter if you don't think this game is safe.
They game has a great montroing system but sometimes fails.
When someone says something inappropriate, or the cuss.
This is what “pops” up: ################################
As you can see.
Your children can’t see it.
People also try to scam kids stuff for money.
WARNING: THERE IS NO WAY YOU CAN GET ROBUX UNLESS YOU ARE PAID BY THE GROUP OWNER!
And, with the “killing games” there’s is NO blood.
When children die it makes an “OOF” sound.
Roblox has a good system but sometimes fail.
Although there can be some people who can break the filter, but those people will get banned and the way they broke the filter will get fixed.
And nowadays people are way more aware of online daters, most online daters are banned in the next day.
It's easy to be blinded by rose tinted glasses and to write it off as "not as good as it used to be", but in my personal opinion it has changed for the better.
It does have some small downsides, if you don't like violence, there are a few games with some violence so tell your kids not to play them.
(Now Im 15) I think it now boring.
He kept sending inappropriate pics to me and sent me porn links.
I blocked him a day after it happened and deleted my account.
I used to play this back in 2012, where the games were not that high quality compared to roblox now.
It used to look boring but now it looks... still boring I'd say even more boring today.
he's insulting the mafia which is really rude.
of course i left out the game and joined this game called life and paradise and what I saw was DISGUSTING i saw someone saying in chat saying have my big thing and i was disgusted.
NEVER LET YOUR KIDS PLAY THIS
This game is bad to start this of.
This is coming from a 13 yr old and I recently quit after my 4 year on the site.
Their is way to much violence and online dating.
Kids can also get scammed or have their account stolen.
Don’t bother with the game.
It is a waste of time.
Also, the online currency “Robux” is way to expensive.
There is guns in games some games are about shooting and killing people.
Not a website for kids to be on.
Roblox can be fun at times for kids but sometimes you can get abused.
Its mostly male abusing female players.
This can go from a sexual insult to ruining gameplay because of something they have, from what I've seen this includes choose of sex.
Even though there is a chat filter, a lot of players get by it and abuse others.
Admins seem to do nothing about it but have the time to warn someone about their game pass title, 30 seconds after putting it up.
I have seen a lot of creepy stuff in game that I don't want to bring up.
Roblox games seem to get by with items that look abusive when being used and people abuse with these like, lock someone in a room and start hitting them with a baton.
Although Scammers,ODERS(Online Daters) And Hackers Are A Problem But Leave The Game Or Report Them,Roblox Will Take Action.
And A Note For You Toxic Parents Out There: Supervise Your Kids Maybe And Don't Punish Them Or Ban Them From Playing Roblox!
This Will Make Things MUCH WORSE!
Sometimes They Might Do Something Crazy And Buy Robux Without Permission.
A bad problem on Roblox is how they are trying to earn LOTS of profit using a currency called robux, which for 400 is $4.95!
There is a chat filter so that you can't swear or say anything bad.
You can get some violent games like phantom forces or CB:RO, they have a bit of blood in them but you don't have to play them.
Also the second currency was removed (Tix) because not enough people were buying the main currency (Robux), which caused the website to get close to having to shut down.
The game does include violence and violent weapons such as guns, rpgs, and bows.
But there is no actual gore like blood.
The only gore you end up seeing is the decals and blocky 'blood' in games like Apocalypse Rising and Phantom Forces.
(sex) But Roblox usually bans these users because of the report system.
If you think your child is mature enough to handle this game, let them go.
It is a genuinely good game, but there are "exploiters" who ruin the experience of other people online, as well as "bypasses" for swears, and even automated robots that will attempt to befriend your child, and send them to a link, claiming that they can receive the in-game currency for free, and the site will take their account.
I would have to say that the moderation on Roblox could use a bit more staff, as reporting content like those mentioned above will probably not get reprimanded / punished.
And there’s a lot of people getting cyberbullied because they are what called ‘noobs’.
And It’s normal if the report button doesn’t work!
Robux cost too much... :( well on to the good parts!
well, I don’t know what to say cus I don’t really play ROBLOX anymore so eh bye!
For all parents saying the game is bad, you see, it not the game that is bad, it it's the players that are toxic/ignorant Due to the fact the most players who join are 9.
And the games are okay, only on rare occasions creepy people upload sex games to roblox which allows no chat filter and like them user sex animations like positions a child should never know.
But thanks to ROBLOX moderation within 2 hours the game is deleted.
Also, there are these people known as "exploiters"  I used to exploit, not anymore though, anyways, they use a 3rd party software called "exploits" to get exploits you have to go and download them off the internet, some are VIRUSES, some are NOT.
Even though Roblox is a great game, does not mean it is flawless.
Now,  like all online type games, there is one thing that no online interactive  game creator can put an end to.
Yes, their are hackers, scammers, exploiters, etc, but you will always find that in interactive online games.
One way to further prevent your children ( guessing you are a parent looking for reviews )is to turn on safe chat mode, which is to stop your child to see numbers, and let anyone see numbers they type and even naughty words.
Also,if you do not want your kids to be involved with bullying, a scam, a perv.
Roblox does its best to rid of these awful things, but nothing is flawless, and if you believe Roblox caused your kid to leak private information, or get scammed etc, that is not Roblox's fault.
Yes, there are some online daters and people who swear, but there is a report option in the game menu so you can tell a moderator what a player did wrong.
Noobs are just people who are new to the game or people who act like newer players.
Many of the “BAD” games are hidden or completely delete to the public.
Some people say that roblox contains a lot of violence or drugs and but  that isn't actually true.
And even if your kid sees any games that contain drugs the game will get banned in under an hour.
There will be the mean person once and so often, so just block them so they can’t be mean to you.
ROBLOX does include violence but not much, not like lego men bleed.
Roblox is a very fun game, but I think it has quite a lot of flaws.
Roblox is a really fun game, but the community is bad (and uhh yeah) For example, some people say "Go commit not alive," or, "Noob."
There are these scams on Roblox where certian games promise you free Robux if you tell them your password and sometimes people ( usually younger kids and newer players) fall for it, and there are also spam/scam bots that spam stuff like "Want some free Robux?!
'," but at least Roblox tells people about not falling for those tricks on their blog.
There is currency in Roblox called 'Robux,' and that stuff is pretty expensive (at least in my opinion.)
There are also sometimes 'sex games' on Roblox that (weird) people make and those games get to the front page pretty fast, but at least Roblox (eventually) takes them(the games (and their creators)) down by banning the creator of the game (this means that no one can play the 'sex game' anymore).
In conclusion, Roblox is a very fun game but it has some(quite a lot of) flaws.
The ROBLOX website monitors games for anything inappropriate, explicit or just too mature.
ROBLOX also has a few downsides to it, though.
The first downside is that players in the game can online date, bypassing the filter.
And about the filter, the filter simply censors inappropriate words/swear words, by turning them in to hashtags.
(#) So, if I were to swear or say anything inappropriate like 'ass', it would simply be censored to (###).
This is because there are a few games that ask for your password, and will get you either banned or hacked on ROBLOX.
Beware as even the the moderators are doing their jobs, scams are going around saying for the pleasure of " free " robux ( the in game currency which is payed for with real money. )
teach your child not to go to the links mentioned before hand to avoid an infected computer or worse.
It all around is ment to be light hearted and fun, but like the undertale fandom, people can be toxic.
They have a filter to keep children safe and it does that by tagging the innapropriate language like this: ######.
While some games include weapons and violence, not all have them.
There are emotes in those games that people use to pretend they're having sex, and its ruined my innocent brain.
It's honestly disgusting.
Most kids should experience something like this.
this game is NOT for children under 10  but I play it.
this game can be played on Android, Microsoft Windows, iOS, macOS, Xbox One, Macintosh operating systems, Fire OS
this game has bad filters and report doesn't work but this game is good if you ignore all the bad language 
people call these people with no ROBUX noobs but parents this just means new player don't worry too much.
this game can have violence but this game tries to keep your child safe when you play.
I have been playing this for 3 yeard and i know what people are saying about players being toxic.
In certain games (for example Roblox Rap Battles) where people can be rude, if a child is playing it it may upset them.
Some players rage and although roblox censors swearing people sometimes find a way to drop an f bomb.
There are bots which say to go on a website and Roblox IS doing their best to stop them and the websites are hacking webs.
I played it,and....some people are nice,but there are many things that need to be fixed,like,if I'm not 13+ I can't write numbers in the chat,or speak other languages,like Romania,Russia and other languages are being censored.Plus,there are many online daters,scammers and bots.Reporting a player doesn't work,the report is sent,checked by an robot,and nothing happens.
And there are also some scams that ask for your password and username but don’t believe them unless you wanna be hacked.
People keep saying people swearing on roblox, but I don’t see that.
There are tons of hackers out there.
Please do not believe the free robux offers, as they are fake.
Lately there are bots who will advertise websites that can give you viruses and take your account but the best thing to do is ignore them.
There is some name calling but if you just ignore that person they will for sure give up and stop.
Also, parents should monitor their kids on this game, just because of online dating and shooting games.
However, there are inappropriate things.
At its core roblox has good meanings, but sadly the comunity can bring it down.
There are GOOD people, but sadly there are some toxic people.
Kids should me moniterd unless if they unserstand the meaning of the TOS and rules.
It may have violence bullies and sexual content, But you'll need to remember, It's all User Generated Content, Almost NONE of it is made by staff working at Roblox, only official event games and staff's own projects, Roblox may be bad, but you all have to remember, It's User Generated Content
My one complaint about Roblox is that robux is too expensive.
But now the negatives.
Roblox has been having  problem with online dating for a long time now.
Another negative is that on the decals page, there has been several botted decals that can send a virus to your computer.
If you see your child purchasing these decals, stop them IMMEDIATELY.
Plus, the game has many pedophiles.
There also has been a harsh problem with users swearing, even if there is a chat filter.
This makes parents and kids hate it.
When you make an account you get this ugly character, you can play games like Zombie Rush, a game where you and a bunch of other players are dropped into a map and you can use your weapons to go up against infinite waves of zombies!
Which costs a lot of money!
So make sure your child doesn't buy a bunch of robux!
This is a more negative review which explains more of all the bad sides of the game so you can advise your children on this.
Roblox has a strict filter which even blocks numbers so people can't use numbers to bypass it.
Sadly, due to people abusing the filter, it is starting to get stricter and silly.
There is the few odd people who will get around the filter but these people are mainly trolls and should not be taken seriously.
This is one of the reasons I don't think it is appropriate to play for anyone under the age of 7.
If you catch your kid using this please restrict them from using it at all as:
1.
It's against Discords' ToS for someone to be under 13,
2.
Some communities can be slightly toxic (Only expressed on Discord servers most of the time),
3.
You just can't trust some people online.
This is absolutely normal but I would NOT suggest entering in conversation with these sorts of people and just report them and block them.
Unfortunately, ODers seem to rule one specific game on Roblox that I suggest you stay away from called 'MeepCity' which ironically is owned by a Roblox Administrator (who reportedly abuses his powers sometimes according to some sources).
Also, one last thing, Scam Bots are a major issue that is sadly unsolvable by Roblox as they always find ways of getting round filters and CAPTCHAs no matter how much time or effort Roblox put into trying to block them.
DO NOT click on search up any links found on the site that aren't right.
If you spot anything suspicious or wrong report it to Roblox (They try to read all reviews but due to the large amounts, some may not be reviewed).
Parents are concerned about violence but when someone is "defeated" in game, their Lego like character falls apart.
I Been In Roblox Since 2014 & I Seen That The Oders Been Growing And Roblox Doesn't Do Anything About It.
There Ppl That Bypass The Filter (Games Or Words) There Games Like The Streets That Have Ppl Shooting Eachother Or Hitting Eachother.
Roblox Should Fix Their Website And Fix Everything.
When its free, you might encounter, Swears, Sexual stuff, Abusement / Bullying, and people getting angry.
The most common is people getting angry, and the least harmful thing is, kids trying to look cool by trying to bully other kids.
These types of kids say; Noob and try so swear, but most of the time fail.
Target or try to kill you in FPS type games, or try to ruin your Roleplay.
Report will most of the time WONT get past, but sometimes, it will and you might ban someone either; Bullied, Swore, Did sexual things, or trolled.
(Trolls are harmless but annoying, Very annoying.)
If the reason is to look cool (better from the free looks) it might be because of bullying, check his computer and if its about bullying, report the bullies and talk to your kid about them not being right.
There is a lot of online dating games where u can get naked to do other things with other people which no kid should ever play and see.
It's pretty strict if you're under 13, and you can't say any numbers or anything inappropriate.
There are violent games but they aren't very graphic.
Certain roleplaying games, such as Pacifico, are not suitable for children.
There is rape, kidnapping, murder, etc (but it's all roleplaying so it isn't ACTUALLY visible).
If you teach kids the dangers of these types of things, kids can go on earlier than 11 years old.
There is a lot of swearing due to the easily bypassable filter.
Roblox is full of nice people but also like in every plces are shady ones.
But every member of this community warns each others about these kind of people!
There are some bad things about it however.
What I mean is sometimes it will censor the stupidest things, and sometimes it won't censor things like the f-word.
Sure, some weapons can be a tad crude, but it's never that big of a deal.
The visuals are a bit too goofy to be considered violent.
Then it all got turned into graphic stuff.
My teacher spanked the h*** out of him and sent him to the principals office.
Then he smashed all the computers, but not mine because I didn’t want to play it.
IT IS SO VIOLENT AND GRAPHIC THAT NOBODY SHOULD PLAY IT.
Dont let your kids to play this.
The game itself is good, but the community ruins it.
Mostly because they are little kids.
everyone knows little kids are stupid, so they are toxic.
they deserve a whoopin', honestly.
they also LOVE to start conflict, or sometimes are just plain stupid, and make the game unplayable.
Your child should avoid games about roleplaying, such as "Roblox highschool" or "adopt and raise a kid".
Also, I would like to point out that roblox roleplayers are really toxic, and dumb.
I have seen other reviews and many parents said that this game is bad because of sexy stuff, violent content, etc.
So stop blaming the game!
Oh and, by the way, usually when you swear in the chat, the game won't allow you to show it, it will replace the words with ####.
Roblox has put a filter system in place so that kids can’t tell personal information or swear.
However, as it is a robot, this means that often kids won’t be able to talk normally.
Yes I kind of agree with other families that ROBLOX can be a little bad sometimes but from what I have seen from the time that I have been playing for.
I have got over 100 scammers banned from the website and I understand that people can't afford ROBUX which is okay, but I think that players are getting cyber bullied and I have prevented a lot of cyber bullying.
When I first started roblox in 2014, the games where really laggy at first and the games didnt look so good but there were changes throughout the years.
If you are a parent who dislikes Roblox for their 
'' inappropriate '' content then you are just being silly and not looking in the bright side of Roblox.
If there is a innoprpiate game that shouldnt be in Roblox ill let you know that the owner of the game would be banned or permanently deleted while its game gets shut down.
One last point, if you support your child playing Fortnite that is younger than 13 then you dont know that Fortnite is T for teenagers which is worse than roblox since its all about killing other players to win the game.
There are many creeps on this game so be careful to talk to your kids about what not to do on this app.
You should probably set rules for your child because this could be putting them in danger.
ROBLOX also has too much consumerism.
if it was 18+ like most adult reviews say, then it wouldn't be posted on a kids channel that is still running today.
most  adult ratings say that it has inappropriate content, but that gets deleted regularly and you have to search for it specifically.
and you can't send out personal information at all because most unidentified words(addresses, PINs, names, ect) get turned into #s.
The first problem is: online daters.
Don't worry about foul language, every word that the Roblox chat filter decides is bad just changes  it to hashtags, such as "####".
There is no actual violence.
There is nowhere near any drinking/drugs/smoking, don't worry about that.
It’s bad
There is violence in games such as 'Phantom Forces' and 'Tower Battles'.
Some of these have blood, so parents with younger kids should probably be careful.
Some people aren't too friendly.
It's gotten better, than worse, than better, than worse, but it's not a bad moderation system, they just cant take every inappropriate thing down as soon as it goes up.
The Products You Can Buy With Actual Money: Roblox is a little greedy with this, it's 5$ for a good 450 of their currency.
Don't give into your child begging to let you buy robux.
Can a predator talk to my child and even find my location?
With this, children cant even say numbers.
Exploiters and Trollers: What's called "Exploiting" is downloading software from another side that allows people to break Roblox and doing something such as one of the following: "Raping" the player, Killing the player with lots of gore, and many other things.
The worst exploit experience of mine was when i joined a game, and nothing was there, accept my floating avatar with a creepy face and a red filter.
As with "Trollers", they will try to do something such as filling the server with players dressed as something such as a minion (From the movie, "Despicable Me"), or kill the player even if on the same team as them.
Just annoying people who try to do annoying things.
You may thing your child is innocent and could do NOTHING wrong on the internet, but children are usually the suspect for this.
Violence and swearing: As for violence, sure, Roblox has plenty of guns and swords in store, but not many games with blood.
And, if there is blood, it's all red bits.
Who cares if it's a little blood?
Now as for the swearing part.. some people found a way to get past the Roblox filter by adding letters to the word.
Your child can no longer hear this person.
You read the entire review of a 10 year old kid for a Lego game!
Now, the review itself, starting with the community: Roblox's community is in the most part (not everyone) toxic, not so friendly people and roleplayers who sometimes do obscene things (yet not explicitly).
It is understandable since a company has to make money, but this also leads to kids wanting robux and some parents not wanting to buy, leading kids wanting some sort of free robux, which then lead to many scams, third-party websites promising your kid free robux, then asking them to do a survey  so they make money and then stealing your kid's account and using it to promote these scams to other kids.
Roblox does take action with these websites but until they do some people already fell for it.
Although the community now kinda sucks (which is a nice way of saying its absolutely terrible).
The filter is too strict for me though.
The bad thing is that people find ways around it.
The game rarely has pedos and running into one is seriously rare.
If you see anyone that is doing weird stuff or something happens to your childs device.
They just need to leave the game their in.
That happened because someone hacked the game they played.
The scammers are something you dont want your childs to see.
The scammers can take your kids roblox account and they will lose it forever.Roblox moderators work hard eachday to remove terrible assests.
And if anything bad happens.
This post was made by a random 8 year old
But it began to fall apart, with every year more.
Children safety is a massive problem on this site.
The moderation system is completely broken, it censores swear words.
In that game is a clear sign of ROBLOX moderation being completely trash.
Not only ROBLOX's fault, but that's a type of game that is being played by all age classes, which actually only focused on players in teenage to adult,where children are considered annoying and disturbing.
Exploiting, is also a large problem too.
Again, ROBLOX shows signs of programming quality lacks, letting exploiters easily bypass their weak firewall.
Exploiters always have been big problems, getting themselves the attention of the literally half world through TV-News and sites.
That's the point where ROBLOX reacts to try keeping the last bit of their reputation up, after thousands of exploiters, scammers, trollers, spammers, hackers have been making their way over the young,helpless and especially immature targets, ranging from kids bullying kids, to a real life landing into hospital because of an epileptical attack after seeing some quick color changing pictures of their favorite cartoons.
There are people that do inappropriate things that you want to avoid.
There is violence but tell your parents to sign you up and block you from certain games.
Don’t BEG for Roblox and don’t ask for or give personal information so you don’t get banned.
Parents DONT make the account in front of your kids if you do because they will make more if they get banned.
Its actually the kids choice, and I bet that they would regret it when they grow up and understand what bad and good, About the Violence, It would not affect the children I belive, I myself have played a game called Phantom Forces, Which looks similar to a game Counter Strike, But I guarantee that its nothing similar to it, Plus the blood isn’t that realistic.
But, sometimes the games also include violence.
You can also encounter scammers at times or scam games which say you can get FREE ROBUX.
Don't believe anybody who says you can get free robux with your password or username.
You can ( rarely ) meet inappropriate people.
Those kind of people are called oders, or online daters which will "online date" you and may ask for your phone number or even your address, but if you encounter one... LEAVE THE GAME RIGHT AWAY.
If somebody abuses admin on you or bullies you on Roblox you can report them.
After this, leave the game.
Why did I decide to Call this game a Disappointment?
but not great things and only exclude a certain group.
Censorship is way to harsh.
but know ROBLOX censorship is just harsh with the words.
A lot of the system is flawed because if you wanted to say "Oh I have 6 Cats" It would look like this "Oh I have # Cats" to players who Are under 13. and it doesn't make sense, If the sentence was "Oh, I'm 12 years old"  then its allowed to censor as it does protect the privacy of the player.
but if the sentence was "Oh, I have 3 dogs" then it gets censored because of a number, then it just a 1 kid does something bad thing the entire class gets punished.
ROBLOX breaks its own ToS (terms of conditions)

ROBLOX is marked as a kid game however ROBLOX admins sometimes completely don't do or even Break them.
One example is a hat that was released that was basically alcohol, and alcohol references are against the ToS, And as said before ROBLOX do not deal with online dating.
ROBLOX Has alot of issues and that Some that I should and should not include but I really don't want to ramble on.
ROBLOX Is sorta a kids game with certain parts but alot of it isn't kid friendly.
ROBLOX doesn't want to warn or temporary ban someone if they break the rules.
they break there own Rules.
and they have removed community loved features (E.g: Tix, Limited, Etc) and they have really big issues with censorship, because of parents that don't watch over there child.
If you're parent, just watch your kid while playing this game, so they wont end being kidnapped by a old man pretending to be young girl.
Please, if you see online daters, report them to Roblox and try to stop them.
Roblox moderation is pretty bad but sometimes it will actually do  what its supposed to do.
DO NOT Trust the reviews that says there is sex THEY ARE MOST DEFINITELY FAKE I have never ever seen a game on roblox with sex in it NEVER and I have been playing for like 3 years now what?
like you parents y do u lie?
there is no sex if you look on the front page right now There are games called 'Jailbreak' 'Royale High', 'Adopt me!'
Also I read a review saying that Roblox is hungry for money.
Okay if your gonna call roblox hungry why don't you call FORTNITE hungry, it's even more hungry for your money AND ANIMAL JAM OH MY GOSH like you cannot do like anything without membership.
Scammers are not really a problem it's easy to spot them.
Stop hating on it parents, you should hate on fortnite instead.
And don't call me wrong just because I'm young.
There are some toxic players like people who date.
Since roblox is for all ages there are hackers, trollers and bullies.
Some games I suggest not playing are Meepcity.
The goal is  usally kill the other team to win.
Sometimes there is more like capture the flag and along the way kill the other team.
You have to use the weapons to kill other players.
I think it is terrible because not many people know about it.
They don't know where to trade or how.
It is easy to get scammed with it.
People do bypass the filter sometimes or say things close to the word or  do this g but there really is no way to say bad words unless you play games with no filter.
Sometimes it seems Roblox does nothing to help, but they have put up the chat filter, Sometimes you can come across some innapropriate things (I have come accros a lot) but Roblox does help by baning the creator and game.
Now my mom never had trouble with Roblox but if your kid does come across things that you consider innapropriate then I kind of blame it on the parents 0-0.
Kids do not get angry like on fortnite.
You can’t swear and bypass any swear words.
I don’t know why people say it’s gay, because it’s not.
Before the actual review, note that many of the reviews are outdated, if you see one from before 2016 don't read it, it would be like asking the Kaiser what he thinks about the mass transit system in modern Berlin.
Obviously, your 5 yr old daughter probably should not be playing Roblox WWII.
When your child creates their account, tell them to change their avatar, because for some reason "cool kids" on Roblox sometimes bully people who have the default avatar, though if they try to curse, their words will almost always be filtered out, and the filter for below 13 accounts will filter out anything in the chat that  it doesn't recognize (your kid needs to have good spelling skills or he/she won't be able to communicate much) but some things will inevitably get through like people using "FAQ" as a 
This effectively discourages people from posting inappropriate content, as it would be quickly deleted and they would have wasted their Robux.
i was donated some R$ into that game and roblox update i got data loss and they didnt fixed, warning u guy be careful play this game if u lost stuff they wont fix
Yes,there is people who will swear,but the filter makes it so you have to do stuff like fu_xzck,and most of the time stuff like that still won't work.
Roblox does have a moderation problem,I'm willing to admit that.
The stuff like "online rape" and pedos "wanting personal info" are 99.99% of the time around 9 years old.
Saying stuff like "Oh but roblox too violent!111" isn't a good reason.
Few games have violence in Roblox.
It also doesn't make sense that people put this under the "Too much drinking/ drugs/ smoking" category, there's no games that have any sort of drugs/ drinking/ smoking.
Has many problems, but the pros outlook the cons.
Moderation could be better
Haven't played in a while.
This game is only decent.
It can be educational, and it can have good role models, but the lag, too immature, the censoring system is haywire, and there are some very "not pg13 family friendly clean" stuff.
Wouldn't recommend to 8+ kids.
Just watch out for spam bots or you'll be banned forever!
Some first person shooters like Phantom Forces or Counter Roblox I would only recommend for kids who can handle minor amounts of blood, gore and gunfire.
Bullies do thrive on this site, too, and may make fun of people who do not have nice clothing bought with R$.
There are also exploiters who may put innapropriate content on some of the games, but very rarely.
ROBLOX is much too addicting to me, too, and sometimes I just wish I could get away from it.
Oh, and kids may fall for ROBUX scams littered around the site that steal passwords when passwords are entered into the game, so try to be careful and smart when encountered with "free ROBUX".
(13-16+) And then we have the downright disgusting side.
There is settings to make it where your child can only chat with real life friends, cannot join games with guns, and other limitations.
Other reviews talk about some bad stuff that they might’ve saw on the news or something, but 40 year old men acting as a 13 year old girl virtually don’t exist on ROBLOX.
I have been playing for 5 years with no restrictions on the game and I have not met anyone bad like this in my life.
On the front page, you mostly have simulator games that I see as boring.
Also games with guns because we like guns... so yeah the front page is boring and barely has good games, however there is also historical games and meme games out there.
Also games that belong to a military group which could be classified as roleplay or serious roleplay.
Strucid (Contains guns and violence, but no blood.)
Some items may be overpriced, many of the expensive items, hats, and hair are in the "Collectibles" section.
T-Shirts are alot more easy to make, only putting and image of YOUR choice, which means it could be copyrighted and could get you and Roblox into legal issues.
It could become addictive if you let your child on to much.
Well, there are some hackers that can break through safe chat and cuss, or put inappropriate images.
I've been on Roblox for two years (I know not that long) but then parents go on it for like a minute and decide it's harmful.
Like yes, there are a lot of people that "bully" you by calling you a noob if you don't purchase Robux (game currency) with real money but that's only some rude people.
There are oders (online daters) on Roblox but literally everyone is against them so it's not Roblox's fault that these apparently "sexual" things are happening.
If no one has realised yet, these things happen in almost EVERY SINGLE game.
Even if the game's rules states," No inappropriate things blah blah blah,,," that does not mean that everyone will follow that rule.
You can't control thousands of people.
Yeah, some games are about killing but they make it not so graphic and don't add blood or gore.
Also I know that people are saying that their children are learning swears from this game but that's honestly a bit of an overreaction.
For instance, if you wanted to put a bad word into the chat, it would censor it with hashtags and I know that some people are working their way around them by adding extra letters and stuff in the swears/inappropriate words but Roblox mods are trying and eventually they'll fix this.
I also get a bit annoyed when people say, "Roblox is so dangerous, some random 50 year old man can kidnap my kids by asking how old they are and where we live!"
because that is so not true.
On Roblox, in chats and messages you can't send numbers.
Now kids get a online boy or girlfriend, scam, steals predict cards for robux, trolling and ruling people's fun and making games with inappropriate content.
Well, in my opinion, as adults also say, this is overreacted...
Roblox maybe have been commited ALOT of mistakes, but they're trying their best for the community and the game itself, the filtering system also censors random words, but it won't allow any inapropiate content or atleast info-sharing.
nothing, they dont care about roblox
Most parents think that Roblox is full of nonces but it ain't that bad, really.
I think the main reason the parents think Roblox is so bad is because of the news articles going crazy whenever some edgy teen said something mildy sensitive.
Roleplay games are fine its just the media complaining that everyone is a nonce and no one is safe.
ROBLOX might have bullies, trolls or hackers.
But the moderation couldn't do anything about them so some people help by reporting them in the pause menu.
Most of them are just other children.
Their just doing this because they need money for their hard work and bussiness.
And scammers can get your password and use the credit card you used and use it to buy stuff.
Whenever I see online dating, I try to break it up, or just ignore it.
to be honest, roblox is a fun game but, there is some inappropriate things that players do, but it isn't the game's problem, its the PLAYERS problem, iv'e been playing roblox for a year and i did get HACKED once, cause some random players or games ask for your password or get you to go to not safe websites, so i do recommend playing it, but be careful from hackers and scammers and online daters (oh and its better than minecraft)
One parent had a man come to her door, asking to see her child, well it isnt ROBLOX'S fault.
Did she really even teach her son about Safety?
However, I do not think children under 10 years old should play ROBLOX because children under 10 might act immature and give out private information.
AND KEEP IN MIND, the reviews posted by these parents are very old.
Now, if you do see anything innapropriate on ROBLOX, its most likely a hacker or exploiter, but ROBLOX bans them QUICK.
Besides, isn't it the parents fault if they let their 3 year old play without supervision?
So roblox IS in fact somewhat violent if you truly look into the games published to the site, but on the other hand if there is anything to explicit ROBLOX immedeatly deletes any games with such content.
But if you’re as much of a stuck up parent to not let your kid see a lego dying, or a few kids in game being edgy, then this game isn’t for you.
This isn’t something roblox can control as this behavior comes with being an online game.
Am i saying your parenting is in the wrong for not letting your child play?
Example: Murder Mystery 2 there is a Sherrif and a Murderer and Innocents the Murderers goal is to kill everyone but the Sherrif needs to kill the Murderer.
If the Sherrif gets killed a Innocent has to come and pick it up and shot the Murderer then that person becomes the Hero.
I doubt that hackers will actually harm your computer or laptop or whatever.
And also sorry for my bad grammar and hopefully u understand
There are a lot of exploiters that can put inappropriate games, and stuff inside the games that other people play.
Also, a lot of people can bypass the filter with swearing.
It’ll filter it out into hashtags so children cannot see it.
But there are A LOT OF online daters, predators etc.
Just make sure to disable your chat too, but in my opinion roblox has pointless updates and makes the game really boring.
And there are many scammers out there.
roblox loves money and don’t care about moderation either, so don’t get involved with any fights or threats.
So ive been playing roblox for about 2 years and it used to be very good, but recently its been starting to lag and glitch, so i can no longer access it on my ipad.
I will admit i have been banned before for calling an exploiter an idiot, to be honest i dont think that is a very good reason to be banned but i wont blame them for it.
I have also been hacked for about 4 months, causing me to email roblox they good the account back luckily, but being hacked in itself is bad.
They need better servers, and i think robux costs a bit too much.
Firstly, Online Dating is NOT allowed on Roblox.
This blocks everything the player is saying to you and they cannot contact you.
Games on Roblox are all community based and sometimes “bad content” gets on the site.
The moment the game gets noticed it is taken down.
Roblox has taken a beating from media that claims that pedophiles are on Roblox and are everywhere.
This is not true.
Most Online Daters are actually kids looking for a girlfriend or boyfriend.
This has caused Roblox to actually adjust the chat filter so much to the point where all someone has to do is add another letter to a swear word and it will go through with no issue.
You are just fueling the media to attack Roblox from no fault of their own.
Please take what I’ve said into consideration and stop attacking Roblox when it is no fault of their own.
The game itself is fun when you get used to it, its mostly the community that gives ROBLOX a bad influence, because not only children, but also teens and adults play the game, people do cuss but not all the time and time to time theres a inaporppiate game, somtimes its racism (nazis, KKK and rednecks), somtimes its porn.. and other stuff
and there are pedophiles on the game, like any other game they have a fair share of pedos that want to do weird sh*t with the kids (sorry i do swear despite being only 10)

Others will insult, usually blocked by hashtags, but sometimes phrases slip through the filters and censorships.
Robux costs real money, and the mods and players constantly push you to buy Robux.
ok theres oders on this site so look out for those and its very good but easy to get scammed on so oof lol
too many scam bots
1: Moderation 

"As a roblox player, I've always seen roblox moderation as fair and unfair.
Yes, roblox has their flaws in moderation, and some games do too.
Not every game is perfect, but to report somebody.
It is not recommended to use the game report feature as many false reports are coming in.
It is always best to email roblox for your report on a player for exploiting, swearing, or doing bad stuff."
Kids do swear in this game, and it is not ROBLOX's fault.
ROBLOX sadly does not do anything about these games because these developers get money from developer exchange, and if ROBLOX blacklists these games, the developer cannot get money because many developers make a living out of games.
The community has manipulated these games.
Do not blame roblox, blame the community."
4: "Violent" Games

"If a game is violent, then you should probably stay away from it, it's best and to tell your kids not to play these games.
5: "Hackers" 

"ROBLOX with their filtering enabled update.
These "hackers" are referred as Exploiters, who manipulate the games programming and add their code into the server.
If you don't like these sorts of games, try limiting your child to safer games."
It's a fire that you cannot control, kids on roblox will always ask you to be your boyfriend/girlfriend, simply walk away or report them by email to ROBLOX.
they didnt give me mint banana mixed together because they cant im mad and angry ban this game sue it i am very sad and dissappointed >:( :(
I'm 14 about to be 15 this year and i have played this game for 5 years and it was just sad when it removed its awesome features that made it a roblox we all know.
Online currency Tix was removed in 2016 and it was the end for me.
I checked the game once in a while and it got worse and worse.
Sad to say i don't recommend this game.
The game's state today is just... No, the game contains a lot of microtransactions, sex games, and the filter specifically made to block out swear words is so easy to bypass, to the point to say the f word you put xc after the first letter.
you can get your account hacked and they don't even care because i haven't even got one email back about it and it is not safe because it was made in 2004 and it has everything the same it hasn't been update about safety of your account.
Then people can create anything they want so if you don't like some thing even for kids it will have and it is a game full of copyrights.
You can't curse at all or even say numbers unless you put 'cm' or 'grade' next to it.
Cons
Overfiltered chat
Having to buy robux to customize avatar and play certain games.
So parents can stop ranting about how 'oh my daughter is 9 and her character was put in bed with some old man'.
Yeah you cant even say the word bed in some sentences.
And that's your daughter's fault for following them.
Plus you can report them and theres a 99.9% chance they will be banned in a day to a week or two.
I can never play one game without a hacker ruining the "fun" aspect of it.
The creators of Roblox and the creators of the games inside Roblox need to fix the reason to why people are hacking their game so easily.
You should not be telling  anyone where you live anyways!
2.Try To Miss Games Like Murder Mystery And Phantom Forces Because They Have Very Strong Signs Of Violence.
Most of the people who play ROBLOX are nice, but some people hack (very rare).
iused to play it all the time but my mom said im not aloud to anymore because u can talk to people on it.
the only thing i dont like about roblox is that people r kinda mean.
my mom wouldnt pay to get me robux so i got called a noob alot.
There is sexual content, swearing, and bullying on app; the only way you can get around that is having a close eye on the game your child is playing, and i suggest you put them on 12 and under mode also note that most of the fan base is children 7-12, the media is irrelevant due to them trying what ever they can to take down the app, and the only way your child can only come across any predators is if they friend someone they dont know
If anyone is inappropriate then you can report them.
so your child doesn’t chat with random people, just go to the settings and make them not be able to chat with people in game  it of game.
plus, roblox makes sure you can’t say bad words and phrases with hashtags.
The worst thing that’s ever happened to me, a 14 year old in my 4 years of playing this game.
Was I ended up in a server with some girls who had gotten into a cat fight and where yelling at each other.
Hackers are near to nonexistent.
But recently, they blocked it were I live.
FYI, it might include too much swearing, too much consumerism(because if you want to buy robux, it costs a LOT!)
All these reviews are very old and outdated, ROBLOX now is a very good and well protected game, and people that say it makes it harder to raise children because of the "Addiction" are simply just not good parents, they simply just need to raise their children better and discipline  better.
K so the games themselves are pretty good chat is filtered to much tho and some people are pretty mean and toxic.
You start your journey as a "bacon hair" and may be subject to bullying.
people will online date and its annoying.
to cut to the point, people, parents etc always will want the perfect world for their children but of course there will be people who will do the wrong.
you cant hope for the world to be perfect when no body is perfect.
first of all, if you dont want your child exposed to swearing, or sexual speech etc.
You cant keep your child\teen in a bubble forever, i have a friend who is 15 and is only aloud to watch G and PG movies and she isnt aloud to drink coke.
there are more things but to the point- she developed anxiety and depression due to these things, her parents dress her up and she feels like she is ugly and she doesnt feel like herself EVER.
They say "keep telling the child not to eat the candy and the child will always eat it" (if you keep saying no, they will want to see why you say no.)
And honestly, its better if we tell them about "messages, violence, sex, swearing, consumerism, drinking-smoking and privacy-safety concerns.
but you cant keep them from that, you can tell them but eventually they are going to swear, they are going to have sexual encounters, they are going to be exposed to violence, they will see people smoking and drinking, and they will eventually tell a stranger something as is simple as their name.
⚠️ ⚠️ DONT YOU EVER BLAME ROBLOX FOR THIS!⚠️ ⚠️ 

(btw if you complain about roblox being a money waster, -its not their fault you bough it-)
Triggered parents ruin all of the fun like fortnite minecraft and ROBLOX the parents that hate on the game only do so to cause the game to break down even more and SAFE CHAT.
It can turn from an innocent looking game to 18+ material.
They do say these games are not allowed, but there is such minimal effort by their moderation team to stop these games from being created.
If you are worried if Roblox is too violent, definitely avoid the Roblox game Phantom Forces, probably the most violent on the entire platform.
All th ose those games with porn have been banned.
The chat fillter is really stupid they censor out words that arent even bad, like car.
Yes there is violence but most of the time its not that bad.
There is just to much problems with it.
I used to play the game without robux And got bullied for it.
That's how it works, Other players WILL bully your children for not having robux, They will call them noobs.
They do their best to filter any swearing or bullying but it still happens, You can barely talk to others.
You can't say numbers or it'll tag.
Which is annoying.
You can also do a lot of "Roleplay" Although i see nothing wrong with it they do it in a very weird way.
It's pretty much madness, To be fair it depends on the game.
So a lot of games have very bad violence.
My parents let me play ROBLOX but they don't want me to play vilolent games.
But I don't mind because I hate those type of games.
It is fun at times but at other times its not.
Roblox really needs too upgrade their filter really.
And if you like murderers and sheriffs play Murder Mystery 2.
I have been seeing all of these bad ratings on ROBLOX which have really simple and quite obvious solutions.
A lot of the bad things are either about online dating or bullying.
I'll admit that online dating was a big problem, but a lot of the games people online date in have been banned and are no longer accessible.
For the bullying ROBLOX doesn't have the best moderation, but it's good enough to censor inappropriate words with the exception of an occasional "hell."
Many parents say that their younger kids are unsafe and receiving bad messages, so I just assume they didn't see the part in settings where you are allowed to COMPLETELY cut off communication with people.
There is a setting to talk with everyone or nobody, receive messages from nobody, friends, or everybody, and if you made your childs account under 13, it automatically puts on a feature called "safechat" which makes your child unable to see numbers or some words which censor into #.
There is also a feature to make nobody able to join your child.
Parents are completely overreacting.
Games that are inappropriate for children either get banned or they are simply unseen when all of the popular games are at the top.
There are games that revolve around shooting or violence but if you teach your children internet safety they will know what games are ok and what people to be around.
So it's almost never the game, but the parents who don't teach the children right.
These games like "Adopt and raise a kid" and "Hotel Elephant" also "Boys and Girls Dance Club" there is just wayy too much inappropriate relationships on those kind of games.
I just think its unexceptable to have online daters in this game.
One time I was on roblox with my little cousin and there was really inappropriate  people having sex in a room.
I did not want my cousin seeing that.
In one game you could lock bedroom doors and there was soo many people in a room doing very gross stuff.
Also a very weird game called "The Condo" is also gross.
Please ban these games and stop the online dating.
That's why I stopped playing.
Its also kinda expensive to get Robux on here.
I don't know what I'm doing on this website but im going to say some immature stuff which kids would laugh at and stuff which this generation likes.
Poop poop poop diarrhea.
UH UH UH UH I HATE GREEN BEANS DADDY!!!
Anyways I need help so go away please.
I'm wasting my time on here.
Keep gaming 9 year olds.
But there are people who abuse Roblox and would say bad things.
But I gotta say, there are a lot of swearing in the chat.
Q: Why are there so many innapropiet things in ROBLOX

A: Thoes are exploits or trolling aka joke places.
and as ı want to say exploits are against the terms of service , so ı remind you the game is 10 and above dont get your child in these unless they are under the age limit.
Q: Is there anything bad about roblox?
A: Well yes roblox did some litteraly TERRİBLE updates which are just..why roblox.
and the bad things are.. get ready..

1.Removal of the second currency which helped people customize theiir apperiance
2.The removal of guest / Tester mode in near 2016 to 2017. now there will be left out test accounts after testing.
some items are REALLY expensive and some kids really want them , but ı dont concidere it a bad thing but ı just think they should lower the prices a little.
which was here since 2010 or 2009. so if you are gonna complain about roblox first read this.
they are not harmfull but they are harmfull to kids heads.
6.Toxic people.
Toxic fan bases or people atend to witch hunt people or go to the portaganist and put LİTTERAL PORNOGRAPHY As the sky box.
Hackers dont exits but theere might be password guessers , and people dont have the power to shut down a website.
-I could list so much more, but all I can think of right now.
Lets get into the bad stuff.
- first off, the filter is easy to bypass, for example, imagine doodle is a bad word and change it to D00DLE instead, it goes through, please remember that this is mainly only for 13+ users, as under 13 users cant say numbers.
it's annoying in my opinion.
-exploiters, a lot of exploiters remove the map entirely and change it to a 18+ image, some completely explode the map, some use scripts with violence in them, though, exploiters are very rare if you only play front page games.
-Harrasment can occur every so often, but this really doesn't matter, if you ever find someone harassing you just report them and join a new server.
Also, I’ll warn you that there are scam bots.
Do not fall for this.
It’s just a fraud.
Now, everyone creates drama, swears in chat, and are generally innapropriate.
And, it is all about the money.
You have to pay to look “cool”, or you get bullied and kicked out of games.
There really is not a point.
Players use exploits to do sexual things i don't want to mention.
People also online date and one person got nude pics of kids.
AND there are cults that had people bypass clothing filters and added naked clothing with crosses covering nipples.
People have been using 18+ exploits and other things like that recently.
Parents have been complaining about the game being too violent, which really isn't the case.
Parents often complain about the game being pay to win.
If your children are getting made fun of in the game, they can easily just join another server.
just make their account be younger than 13.
I’ve been playing 6 years and sure there are some nasty games on there but it’s so rare you’ll probably not find unless you’re looking for it (most nasty games are banned anyway) 3.if you don’t like the violent games on Roblox there’s an option to turn them off and now allow your children to play them
they might just be weird 8 year olds who want to grow up too fast, or... pedophiles.
tell your kid if they see someone talking about sex or online dating, tell them to block, report the user, and take a break from roblox.
The games on Roblox are not that great, on the front page there's rarely any new interesting games to play.
People with the currency of the website "Robux" mostly bully these new players because they don't have any "Robux" you literally have to pay to not get bullied.
They have a filter, but it's the worst.
You can't say any numbers, this is bad because you cant say "Wow!
Sometimes rarely, a "free robux" game will popup on the front page, and steal other users accounts.
Just don't get this game unless you want to rage.
Roblox is pretty great but it's community is pretty toxic.
You can't really stop the toxicity unless you just get lucky with those people ingame.
You have 2 choices: Stop playing or cope with it.
Censoring the chat does basically nothing, you censor the fine words but not the toxic and possibly saddening words.
Heck, even explicit words don' get censored, Roblox really did an oopsie woopsie.
The game doesn't seem to be that great, but if you can find a game you like, you should see if you like the gameplay.
This game titled Roblox a game for every age.Family Friendly
Well mabye it is.Some game is full of Violence and Sexual.Some game is full of Oders (online daters).
Some is full of Bullying and Curse.I mean it the dark side of Roblox.There is still a bright side of it.But it just faded away little more and more through time.But remember you can make games, shirt and makes tons of money.As a experience/creator player i went through all of things it was like a torturing adventure.
Roblox is certainly not absolutely safe, you can be scammed by other people online about "free robux" (robux is the currency on Roblox).
I'm not even going to try to sugarcoat it, there are a lot of things in Roblox which aren't meant for children.
As good as the game seems, it's not.
That's when a lot of bad things could happen.
The moderators don't properly do their job, even after people report the same person for bullying, sexual saying, online dating etc etc.
A potential pedophile were saying a lot of inappropriate things, mocking my Christianity and spoke about men's parts.
In my experience, it's a pretty bad game.
This Platform has BAD Moderation.
The game is good, but behind the scenes there is a company that’s money-hungry.
Roblox also does not a lot of things to stop ODers (Online Daters), and hackers.
My friend is a hacker as well, and got banned for 3 days for it, while me, have NEVER gotten banned.
I can’t describe how BAD they are.
Roblox has some games that have blood or guns in it, but there arent many.
Some players do say rude things about others, and the moderation is not that good, but recently roblox made a "Fast track report system" which makes actual moderators see the report, but not many people got to try it.
Roblox is great and I really like it but if your like a super christan soccer mom then this game isn't for you and I think im going to hell but I don't really care because I deserve it so theres too much violence but my parents didn't really care because both my mom and dad were gamers but my dad still is and theres too much swearing because too many kids/degenerates want to be/seem cool but they can't because most parents monitor their child and some dumb parents just contact Roblox support at the sight of
I, a fellow ROBLOX user, know that deep down inside me, ROBLOX isn't always the best sometimes.
I don't want reviews to ruin any of ROBLOX's reputation.
It honestly isn't what people say, if they were to say," There was Pornographic Material" this is false.
ROBLOX does not condone any sites outside of ROBLOX.
I have been on ROBLOX for at least 3 years, there has been no instance of a predictor on this 'Gaming Platform' and there won't be any anytime soon.
Anyways, ROBLOX's filter has it's own "Safe-Chat" which makes things such as, Numbers, Personal Info, and Links ( to other sites ), banned.
if you wanted to say anything on roblox... well guess what, you get banned.
It's also a complete money steal, and roblox makes you wanna get robux ALL the time.
Everything costs robux, and if they don't they are the worst made things in the world, and look plain ugly.
You get made fun of so much that kids have been through actual depression.
Oh yeah, did I mention that im a 12 year old that met a child predator.
He added me on discord thinking he was gonna be a normal person but ended up sending me porn.
Would never recommend to anyone.
Babies, Kids, Teens, Adults, Seniors (especially) and to just stay away from this game
I’ve resented relized their where girls “smashing” with him and “ki$$ing” him.
Yes, roblox does cover words like that, but most people find a way to say cuss words and other inappropriate things without that.
I know I’m not his parent, but I look through the messages and I told him he shouldn’t be friends with people he doesn’t know.
:O) came up to him and started to Bully him and “abuse” him on the game.
I did notice him acting differently, he would stay in his room all the time and always seem sad.
There’s a lot of kids out on the internet that try to ruin the game for people but it’s fun.
I personally think that Roblox is addicting and inappropriate; because as you can see from their ratings, Roblox isn't as kid friendly as it seems.
Roblox has dark secrets you don't want your kids to find.
She always complains when she has to get off and we have tried multiple things to try and stop her.
Also, there is inappropriate content that is hidden in the game.
Don't let your kids on YouTube and look up these things.
If you don't they will end up being addicted or scarred.
Although people have found ways to be able to put swear words on there using symbols and some of the games can be very inappropriate for young gamers .
Sure there are "violent" or "innapropriate" games, but that really depends on your household standards.
A bad review.
No bad review.
The parents concerned about this should just monitor their child closely.
Aside from it's few flaws, it is truly hard now days to create an MMO (Massively Multiplayer Online) game that is targeted towards an audience of kids.
Like the designs, Roblox heavily moderates these games, and if innapropriate content is found , then the game is put under review and closed to the public.
But under that age, uneducated kids might run into some problems.
Also, dont worry about 6-years olds giving phone numbers, addresses, etc..

Roblox is VERY into safety and you cant even type simple numbers in chats.
Roblox doesn't do much to make sure your child [or yourself] is safe from bullying or inappropriate language.
If a user says "You're so #### look at yourself, ew", you should be able to think of the word "ugly", the word that the user originally said.
Instead of using those really inconvenient hashtags, they should be able to show the user that the word might be inappropriate and not allow the user to post that before the user does enter a comment in-game.
It's disappointing to see that since there isn't much personal information put into each moderator reply.
I have two siblings, both are younger than me and they used to always get hacked because of those "free robux" scams, they gave away their password A LOT, it's their fault, I know, but what isn't is that the moderators seem to not care about the person getting banned.
My mom founds hundreds of dollars spent on her card, she sent a message to Roblox and after that, me and my sisters accounts were banned.
Roblox decided to be EXTREMELY stupid and not even CHECK the IP Address to where the transaction was made, that way we would know if any of the household members actually made the transaction without permission so there account could be warned/banned and then my mom can get her money back, NOPE.
Instead, they terminated [deleted the accounts forever unless requested back, which is still a horrible process] all three of the accounts, including MINE.
My mom didn't even GET A REFUND, I'm pretty sure somewhere on the Roblox notes/ToS you can get a refund, just the account that made the transaction will be banned if they didn't get permission.
Me, my friend, and my mom messaged Roblox to get my account back, they said something like "Sorry for the inconvenience, but a transaction was made so we can't do anything about it, SUCKS TO SUCK", like excuse me!?
What I think they were TRYING to do was delete the accounts, even if there wasn't much evidence to support WHY or HOW they thought they should do that, then me and my sisters would get new accounts, pay for Buildersclub Membership, purchase even more robux to recover from my TWO WHOLE YEARS OF PLAYING, so they could earn even more money, that's just low.
I saw people saying "mf" I was curious about that so I searched it up in google and it actually means " mother  f#$!
i think things need to free because some  parents who are poor and can't buy robux.
Every time I get on a game it automatically kicks me and I don't know why.
I googled how to fix it and it doesn't work.
I also found out this has been a problem since early 2017,  so why haven't they fixed.
and roblox generators cannot only steal your account, but they can access all your private information, so be safe!
I never thought that I could be dangerous, but it is.
Never play on a website where strange people could be on.
There’s literally a game on roblox that I once saw that you MURDER players!!!
You can also report players, but when I tried it never worked!
This game is not ok. You never know who’s playing behind the screen.
Any swear words or even if you type "butt" it will come out on Roblox as a bunch of hashtags.
And some parents also complain about having to buy Robux to costumise your character.
That's not true.
Roblox Mods have no idea what they are doing resulting in: child predators having pixel sex with children, people bypassing the swear system when fine words aren't censored, references to illegal content and Roblox doesn't care about your safety.
Oh and Roblox is quite money hungry.
The game is good but the community and staff aren't.
This lets a hacker basically alter the game.
For younger accounts you are not able to join games that can be hacked after Roblox implemented new security measures to their servers.
Now if your gonna get all mad about the chat, Roblox again has a safe chat that adapts to your account age so if you are under 13 you are not able to type numbers.
Back to the game, in Roblox there is alot of consumerism.
Roblox is not perfect in any way, shape, or form, but it really depends on the parent.
WHIN I MAD AN ACCONT I THOT I WAS IN 4 AN INJOYABLE GAME....
I SAW PPL RAPPING BAD SONGS AND DOING THE NASTIESSS!
THAT AINT RIGHT!!!
>:(((((( DON'T LET UR KIDS PLAY ITTTTTTT!
I have been playing roblox for over 3 years now and from what i've experienced, this game has been getting way worse over the years.
The problems started when new  (way to young) players started flooding in and roblox had to make their game more "user friendly".
This resulted in the removal of tix (roblox' only free currency) thus forcing players into BUYING "robux", the removal of "guests"(untraceable, temporary accounts) and the implementation of a new, super-strict chat filter (which censors swearwords, but also the number 6, the word "quack" and much, MUCH more.)
And, as with all things in this world, people started making money of of the platform behind roblox' back.
Before we knew it, the site was (and is) flooded with "spambots" who want to trick little kids into sharing their personal information.
Don't let your kids near this monster before the age of ten, i'm still happy MY parents didn't.
Several games on Roblox include topics not appropriate for the targeted age range.
The cyberbullying and online dating are out of control.
The staff team doesn't bother to apprehend rule-breakers.
The game encourages you to waste money on "Robux," which could be obtained for free until 2016.
Many players swear, perform violent and sexual acts.
The filters on the chat system are incredibly weak and allow words like "hell" and "ass."
The administrative team doesn't pay attention to the problems that occur on the game.
I attempted to protect my sister from bullies and got called a "buttlicker."
Reports aren't even read and online dates aren't banned because they buy the aforementioned Robux.
Very dissatisfied and disappointed to see how this game can live under its sickening staff team.
I played about three or for games, and I didn't see to much violence or swearing, but serious racism and cursing forced me to quit.
Other reviews talk about mysterious people coming to there houses, drugs and smoking, and some other pretty sick stuff.
I will never play it again.
Some games only had the occasional creep come along, or maybe a fight about something stupid every once in a while, but now there's a whole new leaf to this.
(In my opinion, stop there playing now before they see or do something they can't unsee or do.)
Although Roblox is very well made and developed, it has some downsides; it is very easy for other people to tell people to die, or harm themselves, and other inappropriate and upsetting things.
The games aren't moderated extremely well, so it is rather easy for kids to do things that aren't very suitable for an online kids game, such as inappropriate actions to make people look like they're doing stuff together.
Though other times, you can make death threats and manage to swear.
There may be mean trollers and bad/mean people (Or people who will swear, but it might get hashtagged) but you don't encounter them very often if you don't play cafe or roleplay games.
This game DOES NOT need money to play.
There is a chat in this game but Roblox blurs out any bad words.
Kids Don't Interact with each other just , sad.
If you happen to be under 13 then they will filter the chat so that you aren't able to read bad things.
People can say some mean things about you because you don't have robux.
They might call you a "noob".
When you die or restart your character you body falls apart into pieces.
Roblox is a game made for kids.
Often times, they will do much worse things.
Second: Don't join in name calling wars.
Due to Roblox's hit/miss modertation, many rude people are on Roblox.
They will call people "L" or "Noob" or start going "haha" at an innapropriate time.
Make sure that your child knows that calling them a name as a comeback will not help anyone, including themselfs.
Most kids won't have the talent to make a game people will spend robux on, so the only other way is to buy robux, or builders club.
I was a big fan of roblox when I was young, and the community turn into a big mess that I quit it for sure.
The reason kids need to be supervised, because this place has violent, sexual content.
From the exploits and hacks that have been seen, your kid can instantly see anything that THEY'RE NOT able to see.
Kids get scammed, everywhere you see a scam.
They're allowing it, to make money a waste.
In terms of sexual content - Yes, there is a moderation system in place, but sometimes it backfires, by filtering out things that are okay for your kid to see, but not filtering out things that may raise concern.
Some players also engage in online relationships with each other, though it is widely discouraged by the community and such players are often shamed in game or reported to authorities.
Sexual content or actions do not exist in every game, and you can simply tell your kid not to play certain games or disable their chat so they cannot communicate with others.
Violence - Violence cannot technically be avoided, as many players can purchase weapons that can be used in-game and people can create and play violent games.
Violence in Roblox is typically viewed as comical, and many people welcome violence into their games, but their are select few games that do not include it.
Those reviews are 5 -7 years old, that was when Roblox was first BEING developed it wasn’t fully complete.
Scammers are the people who are trying to say hey come here kid, ya want some FREE Robux?
Well there is no way to get FREE Robux.
Your kids probably got suckered into something, so that’s on THEM.
The cussing and bullying problems are fixed due to profanity FILTERS and you can REPORT or FLAG people.
Daters and sexual people are the people playing DATING games on there, so they CHOSE to play that game.
Okay sorry about that part.
Hope you haters learned something NEW TODAY.
ROBLOX, is a very fun game for children, but I give it a 1, because the site is full of stuff that, has sexual violence held in it, I saw a game on the front page of ROBLOX in 2009 when my brother was playing it was called 'Meet the Gangs' I was very SHOCKED!
Now, I put Too much consumerism on the list because, we have so many people asking for the currency 'Robux' they are asking for game money so, maybe they can look cool in games and say 'I'M SO RICH!!
I put too much Drinking/Drugs/Smoking.
Sexual Violence.
So, one day I was browsing Google Images, and I saw something 'sexy' a person having sex with another person in the game 'ROBLOX High School' it was revolting.
This game is not appropriate for younger kids.I don’t think its good for any ages after all.It contains bad language,sexual actions ,violence,and more.I just listed the main problems.Please do not play this game and parents,check if your kids are playing.People on there ask personal information like where you live,your age,and name.Theres also something called” robux”People get cyber bullied if they don’t have robux so make sure that your kids aren’t playing and make sure they aren’t buying robux.Yes it cos
But, I think Roblox has one of the WORST communities in gaming history.
There is only a few games dont let ur kids play its  called sux people make games like that for a mild view for sex.
:)
I joined on 8/13/10, and this game has gone downhill.
First of all, reporting is pretty much useless.
The moderators are complete shit.
I saw an account made in 2015, named something inappropriate, and it's still not terminated today, 9/16/18.
The community is complete shit too.
There's tons of robux rich pre-pubescent 12 year old douchebags who like to "roast" people with their shit insults who don't use their mom's credit card to buy robux.
Some of the games on the front page are pretty good and creative, but there's rarely any new games added to the front page because people are playing the same boring games everyday.
Also, make sure to teach your child a lot about internet safety, and scammers, because there's TONS of scammers on this website saying "Do you want free robux?
(and there's other ways of scamming too.)
There is no way to get free robux unless you hack the roblox website, which is illegal.
There are tons of people who waste their money on "exploits," which are basically hacks in-game.
Did you see that story of a 7-year-old girl's avatar getting sexually assaulted?
Yes, with exploits you can sexually assault an avatar, but you need a script.
It's disgusting to see because the body parts were made to go with the script.
Roblox is a piece of shit game.
It's not even free.
Overall, horrible website/game.
First off, I think parents reviewing Roblox are completely exaggerating minor flaws in Roblox.
A one-time incident shouldn't give you the impression that the whole Roblox community is like one ODer or hacker because it's not.
I don't disagree with the fact that there are MANY Online Daters, hackers, robux scammers, and more.
Removing the app or blocking the website isn't going to change anything but your child or yourself will feel bad about all the memories you made during your Roblox experience.
If you see someone looking to harm you, just walk away or leave the game.
User-created content is fine unless it contains inappropriate content.
People think just because a Roblox game has "guns" or "blood" or "death" it must be terrible.
Literally, if you look at the material of a gun it's plastic, blood is just red circles (most games don't even have blood) and death isn't even death, it's called "Reset Character", which just spreads out your body parts.
ok so basically roblox is a mixed bag there are some good games there are some bad ones.
if you're not prepared to spend at least 2 euros on robux expect to be called a noob almost every time you join a game also i recommend not letting really young children play this because, there are thousands of people trying to get your password so they can give you "free robux" so really gullible kids get hacked almost instantly.
Also a lot of the stuff that need robux are either expensive or not worth it.
I have recently begun to lose interest in the overall community, as the general amount of players seems to be going down steadily, and as such, I have simply been doing light trading and investing using online currency.
Immediately, I contacted ROBLOX support to at least get the difference paid back to me (they charge a 30% tax on all sales), due to their error.
A support member by the name of Grace seemed to think my account was compromised, and without addressing the issue I had inquired about, provided steps to account security (all of which I already had in place with my account).
Grace then responded with an extremely similar email regarding account security and asking me to confirm ownership, which I did, however, she showed a blatant disregard to my second email.
I responded yet again to clarify my issue, becoming increasingly frustrated with the scripted messages I continued to receive.
As a response, a Support Member by the name of Allen made it again seem that I was at fault and provided a link for a post "How To Get ROBUX."
Allen then responded ROBLOX was unable to solve my issue, and I replied angrily requesting my ticket be re-opened.
Then came the real upsetting news:  Allen informed me I had allegedly never purchased the item in question, to which I promptly responded with necessary evidence.
I again responded, quite angrily, clarifying my issue was not account security and was rather a ROBLOX Glitch.
Chester again blatantly ignored my previous emails, and claimed I had made some kind of third party deal with the player, of which I have no affiliation with, who purchased the item.
After a lengthy response, Chester informed me ROBLOX would be unable to assist me further.
The situation has caused me to feel as though I have lost the money I have spent on this game, and that the staff honestly doesn't care about the players.
0/10 would recommend the platform, as it simply can't cater to the needs of players.
But , in fact , the game is horrible.
Roblox moderation system is broken aleardy lot of years , they are banning people with no reason , roblox is full of hackers , cyber bullies , pedophiles , spammers, bots (alot  of bots) 
and more , seems that roblox moderation does not even care about that.
But of course , there are alot of games that are the worst.
Pornographic pictures everywhere , online daters , pedophiles , violence .
Some of the players there can be harsh and disrespectful and others are friendly  which is expected.
There is this system in the chat where they censor out words, that can be difficult to communicate with other users.
However, the community is not well regulated.
It's great, but, there's plenty of exploiters and inappropriate scripts people use on the exploits and many rude people.
Those rude people make fun of others, bully others, and stuff mean people would do.
It's community has way too many of them.
Oh yeah by the way the filter is horrible and is easy to bypass so for real, this is my complete review of Roblox.
Because of this, the community is very unsafe.
There is a lot of online dating, a teensy bit of violence and there are child predators (and of course bullies).
It's not that the moderating system doesn't work.
It's that not enough people are being reported and too many people are going against the community guidelines.
Some games even sexualize the experience which is strictly against the rules.
Usually they get banned but not soon enough.
IT IS IN DANGER.
Seriously, stop overreacting!
Roblox has disappointed me.
The chat is virtually unfiltered (so people can swear or say unkind things about other players) and most games involve some sort of violence and have no educational value.
Yeah, i think its good but not the hackers who hacks the game to make people look like shrek and people who make FREE ROBUX GAME *LEGIT* 
This is game is better if you look at the good games such as Work At A Pizza Place, Mad Murder, Obby's (SOME), Prison Life, Top Model and the list can go on but the community is just dont talk about it.
When I first started on roblox with no robux I was called an noob and poor.
But then... there were users who shared a huge distaste for it.
I was called a “thot”, a “white as b”, “rich brat” and whatever disgusting slang they used that you could name.
One user accused me of stealing my mother’s credit card.
Not to mention the countless amount of racism I’ve encountered on the website and in-game.
Got called a cracker cause my character was white.
Got called the n word after making my character black.
You can’t win in either situation.
There is too much for the moderators to handle and in game reporting never freakin works.
Sitting on a computer for hours can make your body weaker meaning that physical activity will become harder/you will feel like running a mile which used to be easy is now hard.
If your kid is around my age which is 16 I would recommend telling them about how hard it is to have a career in roblox and why making roblox a job is not worth it.
Creating games and stuff takes time and effort just as much as a job but it is hard to make a good career out of it.
hey i don't really have a problem with this game but I just want to say that this game is full of pedophiles and other creeps, I know this because i met my big tiddy goth gf there and when we finally met in person I discovered that she was really a he and was actually 52 instead of 16 like she had told me.
we don't have any lights down here and the internet is extremely slow but it doesn't stop us from torturing each other and trying to rip each others eyes out but thats another story.
Now in 2018, this game has become unplayable and not enjoyable.
But instead of trying to make games and express creativity, this game has become a social media site with excessive amounts of toxicity.
Over the years, Roblox has tried to fix their issues with implementing updates that did nothing but drive away the veteran players such as myself.
For example, they implemented a chat filtering system to cut back on the amount of swearing which is good, but the filtering system got so bad that I can't even say numbers or specific words that have nothing to do with a bad context.
But even before the filter, the admin team would kick and enforce rules to those who even said an abbreviation or derivative of a swear word.
Over my experience, I have composed a list of what not to do in this game due to safety issues.
If you buy these with a credit card, you will become a big target for hackers who will steal your information.
Bullying Concerns: Even though there is bullying going on in the real world and online, there is a button called "block a player" or something along those lines which will block a player from communicating to you, and I believe there is an in-game mute button to mute players.
The prices for these extra things are not cheap either and will burn holes through your pockets.
Builder's Club Membership is nice, but will make you a big target for hackers.
They are really stupid in my opinion.
Online-Dating Issues: Online Dating on Roblox has always been an issue around the 2011-2012 time period and is still going strong to this day.
Roblox may become a hotspot for sexual predators if it hasn't already since this game is becoming huge and popular.
The problem is that kids and teens will try to go out with someone they don't know.
They will never know who that person is until they meet them on the street, and after you meet them, you are screwed.
Word of advice, don't do it, and if someone tries to pressure you, then you need to block them and/or leave the game and go to a different server.
Overall Summary: This game isn't the game it used to be and gets a ton of hate due to its current state unfortunately.
Consumerism has taken a toll on the community and it seems that little to none care about the community anymore.
The updates Roblox comes out with are usually for the worst instead of the best.
Online-Dating is still a huge issue that many seem to either care or not care about.
As a person who's been playing Roblox since 2015, the website, in terms of censorship, is pretty good at censoring any and every word a child registered under 13 could type.
They used to have games that included naked models and such, but they've long since removed them all.
I prefer that only kids that are age 13 and above play this game.
It's not perfect for the under aged as there are many players who break the rules.
And those under aged kids might learn something bad from them.
The community is made up of many very strange people, and you will be concerned by the amount of things in it.
This game is supposed to be "Family-Friendly," but it has no supporting qualities to make it that way.
When you make a new account, you start with NO money, and therefore can be bullied just because of your appearance.
This can emotionally distress children by making them think that they are worthless people, thus begging you to buy robux.
() Continuing the point, robux is VERY VERY VERY expensive.
It can nuke your wallet in basic terms.
() Some games in roblox can be violent for young kids.
Certain games might be worrisome for parents, like one called "Murder Mystery."
In that game, you have to either kill a murderer (as sheriff), kill everyone (murderer), or survive as long as you can.
This kind of theme is very extreme for young kids, and should be avoided if need be.
Many people incorrectly call this "hacking."
In case you are thinking, these exploits are illegal in roblox, and people can get banned from this.
The main problem, however, is that exploits can inject foreign scripts into a game that makes other avatars involuntarily make sex-like movements.
This is VERY disturbing to many people and the amount of exposure is insane.
Unfortunately, the report buttons around the site barely ever work, and you will have a hard time with customer service.
I have tried countless times to get an old, scammed account back.
Many inappropriate games and  images have actually gone through the system.
Even if moderation actually works, there's an even bigger problem.
Many of them are extremely inappropriate AND/OR clickbait (fake video).
These can leak into pretty much innocent children's lives and destroy everything.
If the children keep going through links in the videos, they can actually encounter many awkward things not related to roblox.
Kids can even be taken to an inappropriate twitter page!
However, ever since they have been removed, scams have increased what seems to be TENFOLD.
Scams can steal people's accounts, give them viruses, or spill the beans of their location.
More scams appear because kids are DESPERATE to get robux in any way they can.
(A common saying is to steal a parent's credit card)  Therefore, people attempt to scam as much as they possibly can.
These are usually taken down, but they always keep coming for more.
They work by giving people robux by going to phishing sites and completing offers, which are actual scams.
(It's illegal in roblox to get robux like this)

() There are no educational values in this game.
It's just a dump.
Don't give it a chance.
All of the other points I presenter are true and no matter what the official company says, it is pure poison to anyone who plays this game.
Overall, just buy a $100 lego set for your kids instead of giving them this pile of trash.
Fuel their minds instead of burning them to a crisp like the game has nearly done to me.
I have NO IDEA how  COPPA approved this game.
Many can say that the game is violent, but it really isn’t.
It’s just a game, it’s not like kids are learning to be criminals irl.
However, the safechat doesn’t limit everything that’s bad.
We can say curse words and stuff like that.
You can’t say numbers, which can be bad if you want to say “one of that” or “two please”.
Don't let your child play this game I played this game for about 3 years it is a materialistic game that basically made me feel that I was never good enough when you start off roblox with no "robux" (waste of money) you get called a "noob" and then you start to want robux so you buy some you try to blend in and look cool like the other players but now you get called an "oder" aka an online dater even though you don't look like a "noob" anymore you are cyberbullied even more.
So you buy more robux and this cycle continues people bully you no matter what because they are insecure and want to let it out on your children.
There are also sexual predators and online daters on this game, and to add to this people that want to find information about your children.
The oders will try to do sex stuff with your children like banging them and other stuff.
DO NOT GET THIS GAME.
This game gave me suicidal thoughts.
Warning to kids, teens, parents: This game is filled with lego porn that is allowed by moderators that is WAY worse than you think.
This website it supposed to be a kids websites but has the possibility to contain links to illegal images such as child pornography.
There are VERY BAD role models in this game.
If you let your kids place this they will most likely talk about porn and talk about body parts and sexual words.
There are also scams on the website that can in the worst case, STEAL your credit card number, there are also hackers/ exploiters that will most likely harass kids, curse, and put male and female private parts on people.
If you don't believe anything I say, go try it for yourself, but I warn you, it's no place for kids or teens.
This game should be rated mature 17+ to adults only.
Roblox is not for kids.
The content that abounds on the website is not only over the top but also straight up volatile and disgusting.
The language is poorly moderated as both cuss words and sexual profanities are used pervasively along with racial slurs and anti protests.
Violence is found in mostly every game that the sight puts up and other more unknown games centralize on such violence i.e slitting throats, hangings, mass shooting, etc.
it’s pretty damn dark!
There is also sexual violence, such as “raping” though the act isnt actually happening it is heavily implied with dialogue and or certain emotes.
“Good Girls Sorority” uses sexual objectification of today’s reality shows to entice young teens to play it.
Exploits also expose players to even worse sexual content such as pornagraphic images and in game models that look like dildos or genitalia.
Also drugs do occur, not as frequently as other inappropriate content but they are still there.
Common sense media is way off with their rating of 10+!
Words like, n----r, f--k, s--t, and c--t are words ten year olds shouldn’t hear.
Rape and casual sex is not for ten year olds!
Drinking and using drugs is not for ten year olds!
Racial degradation is not for ten year olds!
Profited killings, mass murder, and genocide is NOT FOR TEN YEAR OLDS!
Roblox is no longer kid friendly, so please do not complain about the website in full, but rather complain about the players.
I've been on this site since i was like 5, And it has gotten worse and better.
Exploiting: There is a system in the game that only makes it harder to exploit (Or hack) called FE and the two things i know that can bypass it is 1: a backdoor the way you can use a backdoor is to get access to a game such as like Hilton Hotels or something and place a script in witch will let u do things like Cuss or somethings, But its really hard to place backdoors into the front page games if you wanna avoid places that could have backdoors avoid (Spa games, Hotel games, games with little to no visits,
Roblox has a pretty good filter system, its hard to  upload inappropriate decals, Its almost impossible to upload a inappropriate song, you almost can't say cuss words.
There might be some people who will do nasty things on games like Adopt and raise a cute baby, or Meepcity.
Roblox  has alot of scammers, to avoid getting scammed  don't give out your password to anyone, not even if it says Roblox approved or something, if you do join one of these games and it you see "Roblox" in the player list press esc (if on keyboard ) idk what it is on ipad and see if roblox is in the server.
Every single time Roblox ends up on the news because someone's child was bullied or attacked or something the  parent did not 1.
Didn't teach their child about online safety.
But there is terrible moderation.
I reported a scammer once and nothing happened.
People could hack you, so be smart enough not to give out personal info.
This is for immature 5 year olds, Nothing else to say.
Some games are more violent then others.
Some games have guns which is a con, but you could tell them not to play those games example of game with guns (jail break).
Overall a good and entertaining game but extremely glitchy and makes my pc crash an awful lot and its got so bad now that I physically can not get onto the game to play with my friends while they are having fun on it I'm writing this review.
I am very disappointed and upset that roblox have not bothered to fix this issue.
Oh and also while I'm writing this review my friend just showed me that somebody on the game said something very inappropriate about self harm and it was not blurred out.
This game is completely inappropriate and is giving kids bad messages and encouraging violence.
So my conclusion is that this game is not appropriate and should not and I REPEAT should not be downloaded.
i love this game and all but the violence and bloody images is NOT for kids so if your a kid and your reading this stay out the bloody and scary worlds
Online Dating is an illegal field in roblox, though unfortunately does occur, though I don’t think your child will be affected.
Roblox has various guns and loud noises in it as well as examples of cars crashing and death.
Phew games show blood, though joints exploding hints violence.
Do remember that if you feel it is too graphic or you don’t want to let your child’s play it for other reasons, it is possible to send an email to roblox to terminate the account.
Bullying is quite frequent on roblox, though this mainly occurs in roleplays.
It prevents you from giving away personal information for kids that are younger and don't know how to protect themselves.
Even without safechat, kids cannot swear, or say anything inappropriate.
However, as any site on the internet, there is a shady part of it.
Robux is hard to get, and most likely your kids will like for you to buy them some.
But the moderation is less than adequate.
There's a lot of Violence.
And there are some dating cases, many people try to score girls on this, it is breaking the rules of Roblox.
If you're not looking for it chances are you wont see it.
If anything, roblox is too strict.
You can barely have a conversation without it being hashtagged, (at least if your account in under 13)
But I've heard that a really, young girl got traumatized  after playing a roblox game when she saw a naked woman with .. boobs?
And it is censored.
There are also oders that do really inappropriate stuff.
There are also bullying , scamming, and hacking.
Hacking is the biggest problem, its just people ruining the whole good server.
Like if I want to buy the pranskter face, why dont you just change it to 95 robux again instead of making it about 1000 usd!
Geez who would want to buy a face, for 1000 usd?
As with any multiplayer game, there are people who are just not nice.
Lost of "A List" games will have one or two "bad guys" in it.
The site is monitored 24/7 but nothing is perfect.
I do not recommend this game for children under 13, because it is easy to find mature content ranging for sex and drugs to shooting and violence.
Never allow your child to use your card!
People may think that people saying innapropriate things to your children are pedophiles, but you're wrong.
If the other person asks, then they could be a pedo trying to kidnap your child.
And Roblox is 12+ on the App Store so read the ratings before you get an 8 year old child that game!
The games are great, but once you find out what their administration is all about, you'll want to quit.
First of all, they make terrible decisions.
I've seen EVERYTHING I loved get taken away from me by their crappy little rabble of people controlling what I loved.
Next, their reporting system sucks.
This is absolute madness.
Not only does it never work, but the reporter could be punished for sending a "fake report!"
They also want nothing but money.
Again, I had amazing things taken away from me during the downfall of Roblox.
You could literally get NOTHING good on Roblox without spending hundreds of dollars for it!
Who knows what the next crappy update will bring?
I AM PISSED BECAUSE OF OVER REACTING PARENT'S THAT JUST SAY: "omfg it has r.a.p.e!!!
and it's Roblox's fault only!
!1 because it isn't user made!!!
and i don't know anything about it!!!"
just do your research before letting your 5 year old r.e.t.a.r.d.e.d play this.
DO NOT PLAY!
Playing ROBLOX is an engaging experience that is only made better by social interactions, which is unfortunately a major downfall.
SOME games, with an intense emphasis on SOME, are crawling with child predators or people who wish to harm your child.
There are chat filters, which are often overly excessive, to prevent sharing of personal information and swearing, although some people do successfully circumvent these filters.
There are plenty of ways to identify child predators.
Bad people DO exist on the site, you just have to know where.
Child predators approach young children as if they're children themselves.
My child saw pornographic images in chat!
There is no possible way to send an image through chat, and all images uploaded to the site are reviewed for inappropriate content before being published.
My child saw an inappropriate game!
Unfortunately, your child may come across these.
However, situations can often turn worse simply because your child doesn't leave the game and report it to the administrators.
People are swearing on ROBLOX!
Unfortunately, the chat filter on ROBLOX that prevents swearing can be easily circumvented.
It also can block completely innocent words or phrases all together.
Users who register their account under 13 are censored to even MORE innocent content, and even become discluded from getting a virtual job because they can't see nearly as many messages.
Children/Teens over this age can detect threats such as child predators easier, and aren't always as trusting and willing to give out personal information.
Many of the child predators' plots are successful because younger children don't recognize the potential danger and continue to talk to these people and even give out personal information, whereas those over 13 aren't as easily fooled.
On many games, the amount of predators is over exaggerated, with only a few being the real issue.
If not, though, it may not be the right game for them, or maybe it's just not time to allow it yet.
Please, please, PLEASE, do not discredit my review simply because I'm only 13.
this has NOTHING bad in it.
when you "die" you break into pieces.
why is anything about this bad?
I'm a kid myself and I even say NOPE!
There is too much dating and inappropriate stuff,not to mention bullying is out of control.I used to play,my mom read that news article.I have my own story to it.Jailbreak isn't very good because you can chase people down and shoot the crap out of them and kill cops.I stayed away from games like Boys and Girl Dance Club and they still came (the creeps).I was playing ROBLOX High School skateboarding with my friends and I trip by a mean girl.Then some probably 18+ boys came and kept pushing me back down.I fel
Oh and also,some games like *cough* JAILBREAK you can beat people up.Some games are "kidnap roleplays" and I've seen people lock others in chairs and threaten them with in-game weapons.One game was these weapons:Axe,Chainsaw,Knife,Hammer,Gun,andand drivable cars you can lock people in.Games where you can lock doors...well you know where that goes.Hackers can break into games.A hacker actually broke the system and destroyed it.But,not all hackers are necessarily bad.Some were re-enacting a history thing and 
So he did : punish others.He apologized later and friended me and now he stalks my account.I've reported him endless times.Some games have drugs and bars.There is a loophole for those that I've seen.Here are they:
-Beer = Hear
-Wine = Whine
-Drugs = Drags 
And I'm done.
Don't create an account,I'm begging you.
This game has its faults, there are many bad people, and a ton of scams, but parents these days think they can blame everything on everyone else so they dont look bad, NEWS-FLASH!!!
YOUR BAD PARENTS!
YOU should check the games before you let your kids play, the game has counter-measures for the bad stuff in it, but since everyone has free reign to post and create, keeping track is impossible, people look for loopholes cause theit terrible, but whats worse is parents not being careful and watching their kids, so when something goes wrong, they blame the closest thing that isnt them.
The game isnt that bad, heres whatcha do, kids getting watched by a pedo, 1- tell your kids to tell them that their the opposite gender, or a better idea 2-WATCH YOUR KIDS!!!
Stop expecting everyonr and everything to parent for you, I swear people should need a license to have kids now, and guess what, all this is coming from a TEEN.
Parents run into ONE problem on a game and they start saying theyve been running into this problem ever since they let their kids play it, if youve already come across this stuff by now, your kids shouldnt still be playing it!
Parent your own kids and stop blaming anything that moves for your BAD PARENTING to protect your ego.
Lots of complaints involve hackers - They hack the game to insert inappropriate images and 3D models.
13 and under users can't even say numbers.
It's hard to get around the chat filter.
Some games do include violence, but it's mild- The most violent games involve unrealistic blood that disappears after a few seconds.
Games that involve sex do exist, but they're deleted within a matter of minutes.
It is practically impossible to find these games unless you use social media, such as Discord, to find them.
As far as bullying goes, it's no worse than what your children will encounter in our current world- full of sorry, pathetic, sadistic punks who do nothing but harm.
Nearly all insults that could actually be hurtful are filtered out.
That is an old hack, the videos are old, and it has since been fixed.
They don't care about their new players.
But like I said, don't buy anything for this game, it's a complete ripoff!
A few weeks ago I scammed out of 2K robux and Roblox support didn't care at all!
I emailed them, all I got was emails saying "Please contact the developer of this game".
You don't even know your own ban list?
The creator is BANNED.
Then when I wanted to buy the last Robux kit, it didn't let me.
About the chat filter, let me just say IT'S TRASH!
You can say any curse word just by putting music:(curseword), even with "safe"chat.
Even an old filter bypass to let you say a couple of swears, guess what?
I always see people cursing on the game, and giving out personal info.
Also, the report system is so broken.
I got a warning for uploading a slightly distorted song, while they accept very inappropriate and racist songs.
When you report a scammer, or ODer, even a bully or swearer, nothing happens to them.
But if you are very good at a game, then someone reports you for "hacking" you get banned.
I really hope that it's just a bot, and no one is actually that ridiculous.
On non filtering-enabled  games, you will almost always see exploiters!
I like exploits, but I hate the ones that run inappropriate scripts.
Usually the games are laggy, or are just clickbait.
There is actually racist groups and games, scam games (they get to the front page cause they put bots in it), and inappropriate games.
Whenever they have a problem, instead of just fixing it, they completely REMOVE it!
This is terrible.
Is this all Roblox's fault?
They can't even enforce their own rules.
If they won't even do anything to ODers they might as well just remove the rule.
I was thinking about quitting a long time ago, since 2018, they are fueling my thought to leave their own game.
Every time I bought Robux for this game, I regretted it.
Don't ever buy robux or any upgrades for this game.
But there is violence but I do not play the violence games tho.
I do not like u havee to pay real money for robux.
I don't like that you are first called "noob" if u first play the game or have no robux.
as someone who plays roblox, anything like rape, drugs, sex, porn, etc.
you ignorant parents think this game includes porn and sex and drugs, when really it DOENST.
all of you need to calm down.
if you do not want your kid to play anything with violence and gore, simply don’t allow them.
you could even only allow them to play non-gore games on roblox!
Too many hashtags on kids under 13, people doing inappropriate stuff, lots of violence games where you kill other players with guns.
People bypassing the hashtags and saying things like 1uck or as.
This is not a good game, but it is the other people that are doing the bad things and making children get in trouble.
But there is a reporting system but it does not work I think
The game's great but the community is garbage, at least most of it is, gangs, online daters, scammers (rare but does happen), child predators/pedophiles (again, rare but does happen), trollers, and hackers/exploiters, also most of the types of people that are there rarely get banned (Exploiters have gotten around the ban wave).
As far as the actual game collection, there are some good games, but also some with bad communities.
There are games like MeepCity, Roblox High school/Roblox High school and Adopt Me which attract those with poor intentions the most, however in all games you will find those trying to imitate sex and get around the filter.
Also note that there are scams found all over the site unfortunately through bots that haven't been successfully stopped.
These promise free "robux", the digital currency to buy anything in Roblox, and they are all out to steal passwords and are quite convincing.
First thing I should tell you is that THERE ARE BULLIES!
If someone bullied me on ROBLOX, I'd shrug it off.
I don't know that person, why should I care?
But if your child isn't mature enough to not attack back , leave the server, or just keep playing, he or she shouldn't play ROBLOX.
Half of the time when bullies get reported, they are banned for a few days.
Scammers will usually make this kind of game: Free Robux.
Bullies may bully you for not having robux.
Once again, if your child can't hold back to going on scammer games, don't let him/her play it.
With inappropriate games or scammer games, they always get deleted if reported.
And with strangers, if your child cannot help telling strangers information, don't let them play it!
The shooting games have zero blood by the way.
But there is violence of course.
Could have violence or sex.
I don't believe this, but just in case it is true, tell your kids to NEVER reveal personal info such as age, address and email.
i think this game platform is for 7 and up because the "killing games" are not really that bad the body just falls apart there are no glory involved.
There is some bad stuff, but I've played ROBLOX since 2016.
But some of these games are to be avoided.
Now , again I won't lie, people tend to swear, but if you don't like that, simple!
(DISCLAIMER : I strongly recommend not playing Meep City) Yeah just pointing that out again.
Okay, moving on
All this innapropriate stuff parents talk about... Guys, Honestly!
Your child could look up bad stuff, worse than what's on Roblox and you might not even notice!
People say there is blood, but it's frankly only red blocks, and your character dying is merely only it saying "oof" and its all its body parts falling apart ( the red blocks don't occur in all games only some.)
If any parents are reading this review, please tell your kids that there are some scammers/hackers on Roblox.
Scammers usually say to other players "get your free Robux" and some unwary players get scammed by these people.
The scammers usually ask people for their passwords to add "free Robux," and then, when the password is given, they just steal all of the unwary player's Robux.
Hackers are even worse.
Without you even knowing, hackers not only steal your Robux, but also steal in-game money.
This actually happened to my friend once.
Although scammers and hackers are rare, you could still get hacked.
Also, in some games, there is a little bit of violence, such as guns or killing, but this is very cartoonish, so I think even a 8 year old can handle this.
Of course, moderation can't be pristine clean and, if you have never been an admin of an online game with nearly millions of players, why are you sending advice for it?
The worst thing about this game is the absolute worshiping of money.
There is some nasty shit here keep your kids away.
Some games can be violent.
I know roblox does not allow cursing, and if u even try to curse, it blocks it out right away, but there is always a bypass or a way to make it work.
almost in every server there are some people saying innapropriate language and cussing.
something I saw a long time ago near 2015 was so insanse I don’t even think I could bring myself up to say it.
There were 2 kids or men in a sword fighting server spamming that “women are property.” Every time they would see a woman roblox avatar they would go up to it and tell them to get back in the kitchen or they would torture them by beating them.
and now there’s another problem with hackers and exploiters too.
Now u may be thinking, “oh what’s wrong with that?
They can do some pretty inappropriate things to your child while playing the game.
First of all, if they are an exploiter, they can run a script called the “bang command”.
It’s basically where the exploiter has sex with your child’s avatar, and everything is visible.
and the thing is, you can’t get out of it when the exploiter is doing it.
but don’t worry too much, because it’s not graphically detailed or anything.
another thing you should be worried about from hackers is that they can make porn wallpapers in the game and put them across the sky.
And heavily graphic nudity will be shows clearly.
well that’s probably the most a hacker can do to a child, but there’s more then hacking, and that is called online dating.
There are hundreds and thousands and maybe even millions of children online dating on roblox, unaware of who is behind the other screen.
so the point I’m trying to make is, is that this is not a child friendly game “AT ALL!”.
so I think a decent age would be 14 years and up, but under that NO WAYYYY!!!!!!
but again, only let your 14 year and up play if you trust them with all your heart to leave the server if anything innapropriate happens or just ignore it.
and if you do not trust your child, I would say that this is a 18+ Game.
However, I find that there are a few issues with the platform.
The first issue that I'd like to address is how greedy the site/app is.
Roblox has recently removed the "guest" feature, where you can play Roblox but cannot buy any in-game currency, talk, or save any data from any of the games within Roblox.
My second issue is that Roblox has a WHITELIST filter instead of a blacklist-type filter.
This means that many everyday words such as "are" and "I" sometimes get censored.
My name, Grace, gets censored.
The filter is also very easy to bypass, and users who set their age to be under 13 cannot see nor type any numbers.
The filter is also very easy to bypass and so many players like to curse unnecessarily.
It's ridiculous.
My third issue is that there is a lot of online dating, known by Roblox players as ODing, that goes on in certain games.
The only thing that ever actually happens in parties is ODing.
which I think shouldn't be happening because that is actually AGAINST THE RULES OF ROBLOX.
Many parents are led to believe that most of the players of Roblox are pedophiles who are looking to hurt your child in some way, but they are not.
And, besides, players can't even talk to you when you're not in the game if you don't send them a friend request or accept theirs.
You can also report them and Roblox will look at their chats and ban them if they've done something wrong.
How can parents expect a game without ANY pedophiles on it, anyway?
My fifth issue is that on Roblox, you have to buy Robux so that you can buy certain catalog items to be considered "cool."
Parents, if you don't want your child to be looked at than less worthy than a player who has bought Robux, you should just buy the five-dollar option which gives you 400 Robux.
You should not just buy a bunch of Robux for them all at once because, I know from experience, the person will FOR SURE recklessly spend it and will regret it later.
Your child's coolness will be out the roof if you decide to go with this.
Over one 20$ payment: Your child's coolness will be OUT THE ROOF with this much.
My last tip is that you shouldn't just take away their device altogether if you see that they're doing something bad.
Tell them that what they were doing could be harmful or that it is dangerous, and if you really want ant to delete Roblox, let them play Minecraft instead.
It is literally impossible but if they have an addiction to the game I recommend you take it away for a week or so because that really helps to sort of "wake them up" from their addiction.
Do not keep it away for too long, or else they could become very sad or angry for no reason for a while.
So yes, Roblox has a few issues that it could work out, but no game is perfect.
PEOPLE CAN DO RUDE STUFF BUT ITS FINE ON XBOX
However, many "Reports" on the news have made the game seem like an oversexualized violent content platform that parents should never let their children play, which is not true.
I blame completely the news for their lack of researching more deeply in these "Sexual Content In Roblox" reports, which in turn has given roblox a bad reputation.
It is true, that some sexual content has been reported, but it is removed so fast that unless a million viewers see it at once, it is almost never truly played by many people.
There have also been reports of "Bullying" and "Sex Rooms" in roblox, which are overdramatized of what they really are.
Sure, these projects EXISTED, but they were removed almost Immediately.
One recent report showed supposedly the aftermath of a sexual assault in a Roleplaying game, which actually was just the player being knocked down and jumped on, nothing else.
However, keep a SUBTLE eye (Don't start deleting friends unless its OBVIOUS they are pedophiles or some other creep.)
Update:

This news article below supposedly talks about cyberbullying in roblox, and how to see if your child is a victim: http://www.wsmv.com/story/38541194/popular-educational-app-not-immune-t…

However, as with many news articles (Who, IMO have very little  knowledge when it comes to the real Internet) they explain very poorly how to detect if your child is being bullied Roblox, such as being concerned if your child is Laughing at the screen (Which, can mean ANYTHING other than bullies.
I don't like the Violence and my parents hate the Safety.
My parents say there is not much Safety in the game.
I also don't like on how people call eachother "Noobs'.
You can't put numbers in safe chat.
You can join groups but some groups annoy me like Gravity Gymnastics.
They always ingnore me and the Tryouts and Practices are at night cause its summer.
You can egt reported but your not banned even when your online dating and I wish it could be different.
But one thing that I wish to do is criticize the game's .
When the forums were up, many people were attacking others, and no one liked anyone.
If you expressed you opinion, they would hate on you and be mean.
When I was new to the forums, I didn't know all of the stupid abbreviations they used, so the stupid people of the  forums claimed I'm an attention seeker, even though I kept trying to apologize for not knowing what "PA" (personal attack) meant.
One person even went to my YouTube channel and called me an attention seeking motherf**ker, a f**got, etc..
In response to the forumers being cruel, the mods took down the forums because they were "prone to excessive abuse".
Also, one time, I was playing a game, and someone started insulting my religion (Judaism).
I begged them to stop, but they wouldn't.
They made racist jokes, and bully everyone.
I called them racist and left the game, but they proceeded to tell their friends lies, making their friends send me absolutely awful messages, like someone calling me a pig, someone telling me to hang myself, someone telling me i'm worthless, etc.
This caused depression, which didn't last long, because they apologized, and I forgiven them (and shouldn't have).
It's kind of sad that a 16 year old would act like this, but this is the internet for you.
Also, the moderation is absolutely awful.
Unless you give a reason why a user should be punished that is a million pages long, roblox will often not do anything.
I MYSELF got banned for anti-online dating in the forums (when they were up).
Also, just to mess with the mods and make their lives 10 times harder, some people post pornographic places.
Just to mess with the mods and anger them, which is just annoying.
So make sure your children are careful while playing this game.
Also, there are some ads for sex simulators.
Some people might even go to great extents to quitting Roblox due to excessive R15.
Most people who play on this are a bunch of five year olds on their Mum/Mom's computer however, parents, please be warned as this game contains online daters, people who swear like this:
t
h
i
s

so be warned, and also there are many murder mystery games and scary content, much consumerism and I stumbled across a drinking game.
This game is a waste of time to play, there are only a few good games on here.
Well, first, it's hard to get Robux (the currency in ROBLOX) without begging a parent to cough up money, and there's a 99% chance they will say no, unless your parents don't care.
This pretty much leads to players calling players "noobs" just because of their appearance.
I know that ROBLOX needs money, but they shouldn't make ROBUX hard to obtain.
Also, some people have "it" in the game and it's inappropriate.
I wish in the game Hospital Life 2 where you can be a doctor or a patient they should NOT have other things you can buy with robux on the side.
I bought a dog for 150 robux and got it but, when i left and then came back to the game the dog was gone so ot ripped me off with 150 robux I could use for another game!
I have almost never seen any inappropriate or sexual instances, but a friend of mine has heard something disturbing A SINGLE TIME, but he was reported and banned almost instantly.
The whole thing about how the filters don't work?
The filters censor any way to fool the system, due to them censoring words that:

1: Don't make sense/not words

2: Numbers

3: Symbols

4: Singular letters besides A, I, ai, and acronyms like brb or sos.
The whole thing about killing people and weapons?
And yes, occasionally the filters glitch out and someone swears in anger, but 
usually he will get reported or get what siblings are supposed to do to each other, IGNORED.
And if you dislike your child VERY RARELY seeing something SLIGHTLY inappropriate, then don't let him/her use the internet at all.
But parents, if you want to raise that kid in school that can't play the most popular video game in school, then go right ahead, soccer mom.
But why spend the money on something your kids will just grow out of?
Now that I'm older I think it's a waste of time, it isn't worth your money to get that stuff.
I mean it's just not worth getting attached to it, I think that I should've never got the game, just because it is addicting.
I have deleted the game off all of my devices and have ignored my friends on roblox.
I don't want to have any thing to do with it anymore.
TIRED OF SCAMS?
So parents, only watch out for scams, but, other than that, nothing is really inappropriate.
It has a hallway with a puddle of blood and once you get to the end of the hall, there is a black mass that you have to walk through and you teleport to another area.
Behind that black mass, there is a person killing another person and there is blood; but you only see it for a split second and then you teleport, but you usually don’t see it unless the game keeps you behind the black mass for a moment.
There are also some (barely) games that have sexual stuff in them, but that isn’t really a big problem because there are barely any games that are sexual.
One thing that is a big problem on ROBLOX that parents should be aware of is something called ODing.
One thing I forgot to list was that some people troll, and most trollers swear or say things like, “DIE FROM AIDS” or, “YOU WILL DIE ALONE.” There are plenty of trollers out there that swear.
It blocks out all words they think could be inapropriate with hashtags.
In this game, I haven't discovered any issues in the games or the site, other than abysmal moderation and lack of any real contact with the moderators.
Yes, every review says that Roblox is terrible, but lets remember that these reviews all come from naive parents who just took at least three glances at the game.
They haven't even seen the game enough to understand it  themselves.
Most games also have Nightclubs where players are dragged into drinking, getting high, and doing very adult things, It is also very expensive some games and items cost Robucks which have to payed for with real money..
If you don't look "Cool" You are called a" NOOB" which means you look basic and you are poor.
I mean who wants their 9 year old dating some random person on a game and learning things they shouldn't be?
Some games have violence and maybe a little bit of blood but if your kid is not scared of things like that then let them play.
However there are some bypasses, and the chat filtering system is broken.
Children can online date but online dating is against their rules and so is swearing.
Anyway on with the review,
There are things on here called "ODers" do NOT talk to these people.
They are the fire at the community's fabric.
If you don't want your child to see this, don't let them play ROBLOX, because they're everywhere.
While I love roblox, your kid may not like the bad graphics.
I don't care about graphics to be honest, so yeah.
This costs money.
Free Robux scams exist.
These will scam you out of time and your child's account.
DO NOT DO FREE ROBUX SCAMS.
Some things that are wrong here is that there's too much MONETIZATION.
(The currency of the game which is overpriced in my opinion)".
Another thing is that some games can depict violence and goriness, but you can clearly see it in the game title.
This can be somewhat dangerous as younger players may share their personal information (age, birthdate, location, etc).
Ok to begin with they block i love you but if you say i hate you it left unblocked.
Also the D*** word is also left unblocked.
Your allow to call people noobs and the games on there promote violence.
The report system does not work like they should 
  With all this being said Roblox is not a kid friendly game at all
Roblox is a really cringe .
I strongly advise you to not play it However, if you do find yourself playing dat game you should be precocious.
There are predators and online daters.
Roblox is now crappy.
There is a chat bubble glitch that is SUPER annoying.
Roblox's tag system is bad.
Roblox should only tag swear words and words that are not okay for kids to hear.
How come its not ok to say "stop" while it is ok to say the h word.
They are also money hungry, and want people to buy robux.
Roblox needs help.
I've been playing Roblox for 2 years now and i haven't see any 18+ stuff, and parents NEVER EVER believe about these paedo predator on news, It's BFF (Big fat fake), You can't really say inappropriate stuff on roblox because the filter is EXTREMELY STRICT even broken!
The bad part is robux is too expensive, yes i have BC my dad bought me BC because i finished exam, But i think you should also buy robux  BUT DON'T USE CREDIT CARD!
I played phantom forces once and Oof brigade cte and they are really violent there is so much blood.
Phantom forces there is tons of blood and i once took a screenshot but there was blood everywhere and a pile of dead bodies.
I wouldn't recommend phantom forces but just be aware; some games are violent, some aren't.
Unfortunatley, for me, my mum doesn’t like me playing the games with guns.
Why doesn’t she like games with guns?
I told her that they don’t have blood and gore but she won’t listen!
And in some games, the chat filter is not available for some words and you can still swear.
Plus there can be online daters and scamming on it.
The game is free but people will make fun of you if you don't have money.
Back in 2009 up till 2015 people were swearing and calling people names and all that stuff, but that stopped after roblox just ruined it and made it really boring (You can't even say 1 or 0ne) anyways I found it fun back then but now it is boring with the new tech and things they added.
however it moves up fast back in 2009 When I started the game was trash compared to now but it was so fun and had better things to do and a lot more things to do now they have planes and helicopters just like real life but in those times they almost did not have cars, the cars were so bad but fun.
Roblox is a great gaeme, especialy since it can help kids practice building and code, but, the game has some bad parts.
nuber one, if you have a young kid, DO NOT LET THEM PLAY THIS GAME.
the reason why is because often older kids who dont have anything beter to do with there lifes lie to pick on and be jerks to little kids, whitch is really mean.
also whatch what your kids play as well, because most of what is on the most played game page are just viloence games where you try to shoot and kill people, whitch can not only make you rage if you have a bad temper whitch is bad, it teaches you bad life values to.
and try to have a ad blocker or builders club, because the ads from other sites, are often viruses, and are bad.
Me as a teen, i have seen some stuff NOT good for younger ones, some online pervs can be on here as well.
And i have been bullied by random people ALMOST everytime ive been on the site
Remember to not fall for scam comments you can find everywhere.
Unfortunately, the community is what dumbs down the precious quality Roblox could've achieved.
Some pottymouths sneak in profanity through the filter.
"Pros" call other noobs.
Unfair players ruin the fun by killing others repeatedly.
There's a reporting function, but many see it as ineffective.
And probably the chances are you won't find Online Daters or Predators on ROBLOX.
Chances are you guys have went looking for trouble and found it.
Then going to Common Sense Media and making ROBLOX look like the enemy.
If you don't want your snowflake getting his/her feelings hurt keep them away from those games!
And games with innapropriate content.
But within creation the user will get banned and his game with the innapropriate content will be gone within a DAY!
And maybe stop getting butthurt about bullying.
Please reconsider making this game look terrible.
If someone starts to cyber-bully you, just ignore them and leave the game.
Click on everything and set it as No one so no one can communicate with you/your child.
But, I would rather let my child play Murder Mystery 2 rather than a Adopt and Raise or Club game.
I would not let my child have s**, but I would rather them play a murder game (Yes, that sounds weird.
Like there's people who want to date you and meet up with you, who could possibly a pedophile is who you're meeting up with.
Also, the community is too salty.
I think you should see your child play this game.
Game like Phantom forces, Bloodfest, Murder mystery 2, and in 1 game called "Redwood prison" there was a death penalty area where you electrocute criminals in a chair, although it was removed.
Also you got to know that paedophiles are active in online dating games and how you can spend in app purchases for robux, but you can also earn items by doing things in all events.
To top it all off you can say words like "Hell" and hackers can possibly get into your account.
If you are a parent who does not want to expose your child to the "bad" parts of the world, be my guest.
Unfortunately you cannot delete accounts but you can probably block ROBLOX from the computer if you have that type of software.
Yep it sounds cruel, but that's probably the easiest way to get your child's account "deleted".
Getting banned is pretty hard in this 'game' now that they don't have forums.
However, the 'creator' of MeepCity got rid of the actions allowing this and also made sure that you couldn't name parties anymore (since those were the main problems in the game causing sexual acts).
Now if you're confused, ROBLOX is not a game.
(The majority of online dating, however, is simply harmless roleplaying, but some of it is malicious and therefore it should be avoided.)
There are lots of games with violence and death, such as Jailbreak ( has the guns and such), Phantom Forces (it has lots of guns and stuff), Murder Mystery 2, Counter Blox Roblox Offensive, and Assassin!
There is death in almost every ROBLOX game where 'resetting' ('killing' your character so they return back to spawn point) is not disabled.
The death is very cartoony and simple, your character just 'falls' down and has their limbs and head detached from the torso.
For example, in Murder Mystery 2 if I remember clearly when you are hit by a knife you will fall down like a real death, but I don't think there's any blood.
However players in those games may make it potentially slightly violent.
So in reality, it was CommunitySift's fault cursing was allowed to go through.
There is lots of consumerism in this one, but it is never required.
Also here are some games I recommend avoiding:
0  Life in Paradise--OD'ing
0   Any 'Adopt a Baby' or 'Make a Family' or any titles of that sort  games--there is OD'ing (BUT "Adopt Me!"
Then I told her I was a girl since I was dressed as a boy (remember I was trolling or if you don't know what trolling is think of pranks) and she instantly left the server :'D)

People can be mean in any game as long as it has chatting.
Unfortunately that is just the world we live in now but rude people aren't too common actually unless you are in a game that involves fighting, then they may be common.
If you want a more moderated 'game', this is not the game for you.
I'm honestly really disappointed in the ROBLOX community!
I've been playing this game for about 2-3 years now and not much has changed, if anything its gotten worst.
I don't even think the ROBLOX admins are worried about whats going on!
I always see people either getting bullied or online dating in every server something is always going on.
People will be making fun of new players or "noobs" people will be sharing their age or other personal info its not right, ROBLOX needs to do something about this!
Innocent players will get banned or in trouble for such ridiculous reasons too!
This is why I quit ROBLOX, and i regret every penny i've spent on this horrible game!
I really don't recommend this game to anyone and I think parents should watch out for it.
People on Roblox are disgusting they pretend to have s*x on a bed and they are only like 8!
These people are calleds "oders".And I could tell they are because they spelled many words wrong and they keep saying "don't tell mom".
Also many cyber bullys (again 8 year olds) they always make fun of you if you don't have "robux" and call each other noobs.
there is but it doesn't work.
The mods suck.
I can't believe this new generation.
A lot of people do like to have sex on games, someone tried to have it with me, I left immediately.
So much online daters and swearers that I have screenshotted and saved to my files for an upcoming video of it being  100% wrong to do.
It is so easy for scammers just to steal accounts cause when a "Free robux" Game shows up on the front page sometimes they take an hour just to get banned... Also when you report someone it does nothing soooooo yeaaaaahhhh.
I was completely shocked at the rudeness of this game.
The characters look rude and I saw someone say willy and bum.
Disgraceful!
The worst it the cafes like dunkin donuts which encourages unhealthy eating.
I am appalled by the horrible app
Roblox has WAY too much Cussing, Violence, and cyberbullying .
I think before you let your kids go free into Roblox you should talk to your kids about some stuff they should participate in, as sometimes you can find ODers, which are usually harmless except for the things they participate in, you should just prevent your kids from ODing; you also can find gun games, which you should make sure your kids can handle as some have (fake and non-realistic) blood.
These are pretty over-priced but worth it as sometimes people get bullied for not having Robux; but only by the spoiled brats.
If a player swears their message gets censored with hashtags but their filter is a bad one, such as censoring the letter I sometimes, and sometimes you can work around it, but kids under 13 can't type numbers normally or using workarounds like dec(number).
You can turn off chat but this cuts off the main part of the game, the social part.
Lots of people will say internet slangs such as lol, etc, some of these slangs also have inappropriate words contained inside the slang but, Roblox doesn't censor those so it's up to you to decide if you should consider those acronyms bad words.
If you or your child decide to be a creator it's important you look at the TOS because you can accidently get a warning, and in more worse cases a ban by doing something you didn't even know was a bad thing to do, such as uploading a copyrighted asset, uploading a decal with unreadable text; which is stupid, because sometimes text isn't supposed to be readable; or uploading a decal with a url; those things at the top of your screen right now that says a different thing depending on what website you're on ri
Roblox is  just a way for people to get money off of  kids.
This is not ethical.
Roblox has to much consumerism, and is really addictive.
Hi, I’m 11 years old and SHOCKED!
By how roblox is... it is innapropriate and way to weird.
When I was 9 and playing this some player thought I was an adult and said “i wanna have *** with you!” Then 2 years later I came back just hoping to shrug it all off.
And all those mean players were back.
Then I ended things off with this hacker bully then I was locked out of my account and I tried to reset it but only my old email was set up on it.
Pretty sure that hacker got me.
And they are all scams since they said “Username and Password Please” which then in the Roblox game “An employee won’t ask for a password or a full credit card number.” Then I gave the idea of creating a kids version of roblox which would make you take a photo to determine age.
So Minecraft was created in 6 days... but roblox can’t do anything about this.
Really if you do think this will teach your kid something... it will.
By teaching them the online dangers and also wait... teaching them about pedifiles.
So from a kid to a parent.. DONT LET YOUR KID PLAY THIS!
Dont listen to “great reviews!
Totally reccomend.” Also kids if your reading this and thinking to play roblox... there are more like me that have had this horrible experience.
We all don’t want this to keep happening
I had no account for a long time and I had fun even without having to talk to other players, but as ROBLOX  changed over the years I finally signed into a 13+ account that I could now use to talk to others, but when I did, most of every server or game I went to had a raging argument between confused children threatening each other, or it could even be some adult predator and we'd never know it.
Some situations you'd find on ROBLOX would contain serious amounts of lego porn and hacked images of imagery that should not be shown to children but rarely is so, and kids join those games because they know their parents can't stop them when given the advantage, so they perform sex acts with other players online and so on.
I'll tell you one story about me joining Natural Disaster Survival, one of the old, but really popular games on ROBLOX and this is when porn images were bad at the time.
When I joined the game, an image was shown on everyone's screen as they overreacted and chose to not leave the game, giving the exploiter the reaction his perverted mind wanted.
Anyways, this was back when sex on ROBLOX was so bad and it still is, but these attacks on kids are really rare now, but still can be found on ROBLOX.
You have a bunch of confused teens and children trying to act like some bad ass and f*** around with others for no reason and it's bad.
Now off of the sex part, let's go into the violence and language.
ROBLOX tries their best to censor a lot of things, but doesn't give a crap on the violence, so you will find explicit violent horror/war games at some points with realistic gore and so on.
In my opinion, ROBLOX is the most offensive and sexual video game ever made without even being a bad game at all.
If they are some perverted teen, take this game away from them immediately, but if not let them have at it as long as they are not bullying and getting along just fine on there, able to get across things they should not have to anyways.
The chatbox must also be taken away for a long time, so the child can't talk to strangers online.
well first of all i'm really sick of seeing all of this whining about all of the horrible things that happen in roblox.
theres going to be bad things in all games.
i know all of these parents are uneducated probably just going off of other peoples reviews.
the whole swearing thing... well in roblox you cant even say numbers, the chat filters are too strict but everyone keeps saying they need to be better.
Its to kid friendly.Its just lego looking people walking around.
(plus its a noob game)
It has some violence but not that much.
Parents may think roblox is bad but there thinking in the wrong way.
The only thing I must admit I don't agree with is that children can use it by themselves.
PS: It's also very annoying cause the only way to have fun is actually spending money to buy the virtual currency "Robux" so if you don't have really good economic status then better not.
If they do just tell them to unfriend the guy/girl that asked.
Roblox is strait up NOT safe for children.
I really don’t think their safe chat works right.
Like there are probably murders on this sight.
(This is what I think of the art of roblox if you don’t want to read this part just skip to this heart)♥️ The graphics of Roblox is just gross.
In my opinion the faces are kinda weird.
Like if you want kids to want this game maybe make the faces more ummm well... maybe make the faces Maori if a realistic simplified version cause ummmm I think that faces that have the eyes to close to mouth are just plain bad looking.
And yes I have seen umm stuff in this game like uhhhh gross things that make me wanna throw up.
Just saying this game (i’m Talking about Roblox) is just strait up the worst game EVER for kids.
Negatives:
People get away for swearing like if hello was a bad word people could get away with saying it by saying: hexlxllo.
Also it's full of bullies a lot of the time and some games are violent...
The robux prices do concern me...
It will never appear on the front page and you will never be able to find it unless you specifically search for it.
There are some hackers that can glitch the game, and constantly kill you and stuff.
Here are some downers with the players.
If you've ever heard of a role play game, some people can take it a bit too far.
Usually people will keep things PG, but i've seen some pretty crazy things.
One last thing, Roblox is consistent of many violent games and contains many violent games such as phantom forces, a first person shooter, murder mystery, and many other horror games with disturbing images, not porn but like dead bodies and stuff like that.
Only some games are violent (murder mystery, mad murderer, jailbreak, zombie rush, etc).
If this review isn’t convincing, go make an account for your self!
Albert got banned on roblox for saying "yes".
Well, if you don't want to be banned then join my poll to get rid of bad review scammers who have nothing better to do then write bad reviews.
Do not let your kids play Roblox Highschool, Life in Paridise and Meepcity parties.
Either don't play or don't let your kids play Online Dating hotspots.
DO NOT LET ANYONE EVER PLAY THIS THAT U NO IT IS A DANGER

!
(NOTICE: YOUNG PLAYERS CAN GET SCAMMED OR HACKED ON ROBLOX IF THEY ARE NOT CAREFUL.
PLEASE, DO NOT CLICK ON FREE ROBUX LINKS AND NEVER SHARE PASSWORDS.
They also barely update their game.
Also, people rarely, but can, find their way to curse on the chat.
The language filter is strong so it is hard to get through using inappropriate language, but you know teenagers; we always find a way.
I do not recommend anyone 14 or under to play this game because lots of mature content appears in conversations and in the servers itself.
If you have a child 11 or under, please do not let them play this game without supervision.
They can be exposed to too many things that they should not be seeing at their age.
Sure some families think that Roblox is a bad way of teaching kids things..
Although there are some complaints from me: people who (don't) have SAFE CHAT can say practically anything they want, to even swearing, cyber bullying, inappropriate messaging, (etc).
I strongly believe that your children should be at least 12+ to play this game.
But (and there's the dreaded word of parents) it can also have a bad side.
Whenever I play roblox, I find a lot of bad and good stuff.
First of all, there is waaayyyyy too much bullying and hating.
I have seen players call other people things far worse than what is allowed.
Second, I have also noticed in some games that there is a lot of gross, nasty, and horrible sexting and uh... Use your imagination.
I also have found out that in roblox, I find a lot of people swearing.
The chat filter is COMPLETELY broken, (You can't say numbers and other natural things) and people have found tons of ways to bypass the chat filter.
Ingame currency, or Robux, in Roblox is used for buying cosmetics and special passes on a game, and it can really waste your money if you spend a lot for your child.
I can get you some for free, Just give me your password" I also find websites called that promote a fake way to get free robux also known as: "Robux Generators"  These websites are NOT safe for your children, as they often ask for your roblox password or ask for you to do a survey.
And finally, the worst of all, the Report function.
Now customer support might do something but in experience people don't do that.
There are safety and privacy concerns on the app because there are plenty of scammers and you get to chat with other players.
Please delete /e dance that would make the sex thing better.
and make it so it does not mkae it Hashtags when swearing make it so it tells you "cannot say in chat because of swearing" and just dont let them say it like mute them on that game if they keep swearing.
The thing I do not like about is is the fact that it is addicting and you can get cyber bullied.
This game may have a chat filter but it still allows threats to be said.
so she cut it off before my brother and I got sucked into the world of addicting online games.
I think that any child under the age of 13 should not be allowed to play this game because it requires maturity, people might say that it is perfectly fine for kids to play because it was built for kids but I say no.
As my child played roblox they got to make friends anywhere in the world but the thing is that they can talk to someone they dont know so you should not let the child make friends on this site
Community is very mean and unruly almost every game you join.Being a roblox member for almost 5 years I can tell that some of today's roblox games are not suitable for  10 and under.You also have to spend money to customise you'r avatar, otherwise you will get called noob or other names.Its almost like a pay-to-win situation.Another bad aspect of roblox is its reporting system.If you report a player for breaking the rules they almost never get banned!.This has happened to me and my brother who both used to 
Online dating is a very strictly prohibited act in roblox.
It is VERY FUN but i have a complaint.
My complaint is that when I switched my account to under 13 today, everything turned too big, DO THEY THINK I HAVE POOR EYESIGHT?!?
The swear words are excessive in the chat in some games.
Well I'm out of time so i need to leave
First of all, I’m not here to rant, but Roblox NEVER and i said NEVER reads their “Report Abuse” reports.
Secondly, it’s no longer a kids site.
Full of creeps and stalkers and trolls, Roblox has turned into the next Tinder.
Games like Jailbreak and Prison Life seem to encourage users to break out of prison and become criminals.
Never suspends online daters and your kid will NOT be safe on it.
Some players in Roblox are not friendly, as it can be you or your child (if parent) that can be those kinds of players.
Players can exploit, swear, phish, scam, and bully in the game.
Some games can have scammers or people that wants your password, so when first introducing kids to Roblox, tell them how to report players and how to avoid that.
They wont let me get robux
(Most of the "Pedos" on Roblox are 11 - 13 year olds.
I don’t recommend Roblox to anyone younger than 10.
A lot of kids have had safety issues because they lack common sense.
roblox is a cool platform with decent games, but around half of the community is bad, the other half probably isn't, as the bad half normally would swear and call you names in the chat, uncommonly some people would online date and probably pretend to have sex, but you can configure the permissions of communication through account settings so that you wouldn't see the chat, so that you (or your son) probably won't suddenly have bad behaviour from playing games in this platform or something like that.
There is a horrible chat filter so someone can just spell a curse word wrong and it will go through the chat.
This is supposed to be child friendly and Roblox will never allow games to be created that are inappropriate but it CAN be sneaked through.
This game is not bloody.
To all the haters out there, shut up.
There is no bullying, sex or swearing.
I have read the reviews and some of them are very questionable.
There are a lot of popular games that are scary, first person shooters, or kinda creepy.
There is no way to earn this easily for free.
And anything you buy in the game or on the website costs this.
Your game will get no where otherwise.
Also reporting seems to be useless, because the Roblox staff never seem to help when needed.
This game is very fun but can be DANGEROUS without safety settings turned on.
Keep them away from roleplaying games [games where people act things out] as they are the most dangerous aspect of the game.
There is also quite a few games which are graphic and include adult topics and they slip past the censors because they don't have innapropriate names.
You can learn too code and build up games,My best friend in real life called me annoying in it so i blocked her,It has robux which you buy but c`mon if they didnt sell it they probably wouldnt have anything to make(im referencing money)But ok there is knifes n stuff but nothing like someone head being decapitated then being shot.
Roblox Is full of online daters(otherwise known as "Oders").
Keep people away from these people, they usually wear flower crown or have a lot of robux.
(Online Daters) Some games on RŌBLOX are not that.....well kid safe.
WRONG.
They might block offensive words but they can not block gameplay.
RŌBLOX blocks offensive words with "#'s".
And some really offensive words get pass the filter.
Next, HACKING.
Suddenly a picture of a Sword turns into a picture of inappropriate content.
Weird music plays and everything goes crazy.
Not a good experience.
Buy 80 for 99¢ and you spend it all to soon.
They do not have many things for players who do not spend on BC or R$.
RŌBLOX's moderation system is doing a poor job.
It is almost like there is no such thing.
You see him again doing his crimes a week later.
Not good.
RŌBLOX in 2015 was a brick building game.
Now it is full of weird things.
I might just delete my account and go play a different game.
U SLOTTER PEOPLE and ive seen people swear all the time.
it tought me 10 bad words
I think this game is inappropriate for people under 30 but that is not an option.
I think there are a few things parents need to know before they allow children onto this game.
Let me start with the cons.
Some pretty bad language slips through the filter occasionally.
Triggered kids say things such as f*** and s***.
3- Violence.
violence isn't really that bad at all, and it's usually nothing more than a little bit of blood here in there, but only in mature games.
These exploits can make characters do inappropriate things with other characters.
I wouldn't reccomend Roblox to children under 9 because they could be exposed to profanity.
if you like minecraft like minigames this is where its at but theres is a bit of violence if your kid plays murder mystery assasin phantom forces or those type games but there not even that bad there bloxy people doing bloxy people things theres hide and seek games and all that but there can be bullying but no cursing whatso ever even in the chat if you try to type a curse word it will automatically turn into hashtags or number it  will turn into hashtags this game is not bad for your kid it bassically mine
you cant control people who swear and some people are really inappropriate  like one time i was playing escape the jail and i was just wandering and this guy came up to me and asked if i wanted to bang in the bed and i asked him how old he was he said 11 and then i  reported him and ran away
Although lots of things are good, some are not-so-good, this includes 

- Online Daters (although Roblox ### it, players have found ways to go around it)
- Violents (Some games such as Murder Mysery 2, Phantom Fources And More)
- Scam Games (These games ask for passwords, Roblox usually removes them but sometimes they don’t, so you have to report them)
- Exploiters & hackers (some kids and teenagers have downloaded hacks onto their computers, some may be a virus, if you are a parent, make sure you check on 
Firstly, some people can bully people and be mean to them, and even hack them or find their IP address.
Secondly, most games have a violent concept and story.
The developers of ROBLOX have made a feature to remove naked bodies, but that still doesn't change the fact that inappropriate things can happen.
And lastly, Robux is apparently an attempt at a "cash grab."
I do not really understand why parents are so worried about this game.
Yes, there is sex and non kid-friendly things in this game, but it's easy to avoid these kinds of things.
If someone walks up to you and says something dirty, then all you gotta do is walk away!
Kids should know that they are not supposed to give away information about themselves, so it's mostly their fault for ever doing that.
I really miss those days.
There are still games to play; I'm not trying to say Roblox is absolute trash or anything.
Well, if someone is bullying you, don't be sad!
The game also has some violence in games like Phantom Forces.
Obviously you have some kids who are immature and make inappropriate jokes, but this happens very rarely and the person is often reported and given proper punishment from the moderation team.
As for me, I have never encountered really anything very bad besides a few jerks that called me names such as "noob", which has grown popular on the site and in media in general, but they usually back off before it escalates any further.
Swearing is not allowed, though the only problem is is that users can also mask the word by putting in random characters or placing a character that looks like the letter.
I spend 25 hours a day playing this and spent hundreds of dollars on this game!!!!
BUT don't let them stay there are so many better and more creative games out there.
There is also a LOT of inappropriate games on the website.
But over time, I started seeing inappropriate content and chat.
Even when you're in "kid" mode, which is the safest setting, you can still read nasty comments under clothing and other items.
In one of the last games I played before DELETING ROBLOX, it was one that triggered worries into sensitive kids' brains.
Roblox is a place where kids feel free to be mean, and I have come to the conclusion that I will never play Roblox again.
No, some players take it to far making games were you get nude and shoot players!
Minecraft changed too much, changing their name and the community is like worse please fix
The big issue with Roblox is the customer service.
Both of them were very upset and disappointed.
I decided to fix this issue and contact customer service about it, thinking there might have been a problem with the purchasing process.
After about 10 days of back-and-forth conversation with customer service, they finally wrote me back and told me that there is nothing else they could do.
I’m very disappointed with Roblox Customer Service and that they were not able to give my brothers their robux back that they got ripped off on, especially when it said they would get to watch it live.
I hope that no other parent goes through this same situation like we did.
Thanks to Roblox Customer Service, they lost $7 of their own money.
Be careful with what you spend your money on, you might be ripped off.
So my son was playing normal but then there was a guy naked with breasts and raping other people there where a few „pictures“ floating in the sky there was also a guy who smoked weed and someone shot himself

So my son asked me if I could get him robux but IT WAS TO MUCH
No one cares about the rules (if there are any!!)
And they use code words to hide up bad words.
A big NO!
I think the problem with roblox is that they don't take reports very well.
Since there are so many scammers and hackers in roblox, kids could fall into scams or even worse.
I wouldn't suggest your kid under 12 to play it.
People use animations in dance club games in roblox and they use an animation that looks like he's doing it, Sorry I couldn't come up with how else to say it.
They go behind people, and there you have it.
and these things aren't true!
i keep trying to download the game and open the protocol and it still doesn't work and all they want is fricken money the should be roblox powering your moms credit car
This game is not really for the younger audience cause you can find people dating etc.
and there are many child predators.
However, there are some downsides that, in my opinion, aren't enough to make this an entirely bad game.
Violence and other things will vary by the games, so if you ever see a game that your kid(s) is/are playing on when they shouldn't be on that, It's not Roblox's fault.
You are allowed to choose from a variety of reasons that they should be warned/banned/terminated.
The best is OBC, and the worst is BC.
You find bad people?
You're allowed to report any player for many bad things!
I've played this game for a while there is nothing bad but is kinda violent with guns and swords there's no blood  but one of the games has the word that says s##t but block the texting and talking on there it's nothing like call of duty or grand theft auto so kids 8 and up can play
But there is PG violence and has scary horror games on there.
The game can let you do very horrible stuff in roleplay, which many kids under the age of 13 do.
But some kids might do something very inappropriate and what a kid should not even be doing, which is online dating on the game.
Sometimes the online dating looks like a very healthy friendship but it turns worse.
Usually children will do "*kisses*" to other people in the chat or even try to have sex role play with them in game, which is very scary for your kids.
I am not even lying, some children online date on ROBLOX and have sex.
And sadly the creator of Meepcity works at ROBLOX, which is bad for the company.
But also people can download exploits or "hacks" to make somebody's game server look bad by putting anime porn on the sky or ruin the game for everyone.
tHEY BANNED ME OMG THIS GAME SUCKS.R90EJOM,T9E RIGFONMRED8IGONMTRF8GIUOMNGRKM89RGFIOJFMGIORKLNMG8UIDGKLN
Parents, please do NOT let your kid or kids play this game.
The creators do not care at all what happens to the players of the game or what some of them do on it.
All they want is you to buy Robux for your kid so they get money from it.
They say that they do care but they don’t.
There are creepy people and hackers everywhere on this game.
Now its not all good.
They break the terms of service and are disgusting.
Never date on Roblox.
Now These games DO NOT promote violence OR Crime.
If you don't like one of the games your kid is playing then there's millions more in the "Games" section.
I'm tired of all you soccer moms doing no research at all, stating that the Roblox community is open to predators/drugs/violence/sex/swearing.
And the chances of your child actually telling their address to them is 0.01% to 0%.
Only a quarter of the Roblox community is actually toxic doing certain sexual acts/swearing, so instead of swallowing a mountain of salt when your child hands you explicit content, tell them to leave the server and join another one.
There are rarely any drugs, so that doesn't matter.
While online daters are a problem, they are not completely.
If you can't accept anything, that's on you, and you won't prove anything when you make a false review.
My friends and I in our school think that in the world one parent brought it up and every parent started hating it.
One day It logged me out and I cant get back in!
The account still exists and I can log in on my brother's computer, but i'm disappointed I cant get back in!
Most children want robux so badly that hackers created ads on YouTube that makes them think they are getting free robux but are actually stealing their information.
BEWARE full of trolls and you dont need an email of phonenumber to join.
Boring game.
TONS of trolls and oders and the admins are exetremely greedy.
If they add anthro, I swear, I’m deleting this app.
What I'm trying to say is everything with the website is fine but the community is what ruins the game.
When one plays ROBLOX one should expect the worse.
People will try to use ways to bypass the system by swearing/cussing and send inappropriate messages.
People are still going to be toxic: Toxic is a group of people who are rude and can't be nice.
They are not true to people around them.
I DO NOT  I repeat DO NOT interact sexually around others playing the game because of the fact I  do not know  who is  REALLY playing with me.
Another  thing I would like  to  complain  about  is the clothing most girls on roblox  wear.
Another  thing that is  wrong  with roblox is  kids  take the game  too seriosuly and  they also cuss and use swear words such  as the  "F" word and the "B" word and  some girls  call each other "Hoe's".
There is  also many kids  that play ROBLOX  who are making  fun of  "special" people.
At this  point it just disgusted me.
Other than THAT being said people are constantly having  Sexual role plays.
To me  ROBLOX  is  BAD after all that I have  explained.
That is not true in the slightest.
Roblox is all-multiplayer, charges money for virtually everything, has a community filled with bullies and creeps, and gets dull, boring and cancerous after a few hours of “play”.
Not worth the effort to sign up, and for parents, not worth the child-comforting after the kid inevitably gets bullied.
i unfriended them and blocked them.
there’s also bullying on roblox sometimes.
but if you’re under 13 some things will be locked which is kinda annoying as a kid, but safety first.
Roblox shouldn’t be hated on for little things.
If you are uncomfortable with them leave or report them.
Reporting rarely works though, if the report gets reviewed, they usually only get warned.
Roblox has violence but only in shooting games.
Also, swearing is somewhat a minor issue.
Some impulsive people in games may swear.
If you don’t want to see their messages block them, it’s easy.
The only concern is that there is a chat box where your children could talk to people and not know if there really who they say they are
Back in 2007 where people did NOT have Sex or either: Talk trash or Scam your Real life money in a game, Today is basically that, you buy alot of ROBUX, people will attempt to steal that ROBUX, and its gone now your money that you used is gone, I seriously don't get it, there are Children pretending to be real life Gangsters and messed up stuff, you should tell them not to, what if they Grow up as Gangsters and Bad people?
People have sex too much sex in this game and people should stop spreading how good this game is.
But no it is not good because it has so much sex so much sex.
roblox is full of bullies and hackers who want to scam and make you feel bad.
the moderators do nothing about most of these players when you report them.
you will not feel that you achieve anything when you stop playing.
Ok, this is is just insane!
Oh and let's not mention the online dating.
I've seen people do disgusting stuff on this game.
People called me a hoe, bitch, loser, etc.
I've been told to go die on here!
Like come on.
I've never seen anything like this game.. it gives me suicidal thoughts and I've been cutting because of this stupid game!
Please parents don't let your children play and get addicted on here.
Other people bully just because they got no money.
In ROBLOX Studio, everything is not doing what it's supposed to.
In ROBLOX Player, after being idle for less than 30 seconds, I cannot move.
Another example, everything is glitchy.
In 2015, roblox got bad.
Now roblox is full of inappropriate people, swearing, trolls, etc.
Back in 2014 there were lots of inappropriate and gross “S3X PARTY” games.
Roblox is obsessed with money and is now a boring cash grab.
I quit roblox in sep 2017.
I played roblox for 6-7 years now I quit.
Roblox also has pedophiles and stuff
But the problem with the front page is 90% of the games there are either noob-infested or OD’er-infested.
OD’er-infested include MeepCity, Adopt and raise a cute kid (I don’t think it’s on the front page but still)

I’ve only been playing for a year, and I can’t name all of the bad things I have learned from this site.
It has a terrible community.
They closed the forums because the forums were not bringing a positive environment to Roblox, but it’s really Roblox’s fault.
Ever since the forum merge in 2017, Roblox has increased thousands and thousands of more toxicity.
And then they are going to blame us for something we didn’t do?
Are too lazy to do there job
2.
Can’t take criticism
Some parents complain about the games that have too much graphical content, like Murder Mystery 2 (which consists of a murderer who needs to "get rid" of everyone and a sherrif who needs to get rid of the murderer).
You still should be wary, as even though Roblox has censorship in it's chat, you can still bypass it.
Moderators do a fairly good job at removing Free Robux scams and any sexual games, but still aren't perfect, such as dealing with reports.
Just stay wary of anything, and still report stuff that is innapropriate.
If you don’t take time out of your day and teach your kids the do’s and don’t’s on the internet, this game is not worth you or your child’s time.
There are a bunch of older people on ROBLOX who try to talk little kids into getting their private information.
Your child should know never to give out private information on the internet in the first place.
On ROBLOX, there are these users in ROBLOX called “scammers”.
These users try to scam your child into clicking links that could give you viruses on your computer.
The things that they usually try to scam your child for is Robux (the in-game currency).
This brings us to the next reason ROBLOX isn’t as good as it used to be, the consumerism.
I honestly think ROBLOX got greedy with the money because they removed it on April 15, 2016.
A lot of people got upset after that because paying for the Robux was too much money to spend on a game.
I honestly think that the lowest BC isn’t a lot of money considering that it lasts a month.
Some people go a little too deep into the role-play and start asking their partner if they want to do the “dirty dirty”.
The best thing to do is to just leave the game because your child could be talking to a 56-year old man and not know it.
Since this is a kid’s game, you are probably wondering how people can say stuff like that.
There is only one way to answer that and that’s to bypass the chat filter.
People will replace and arrange letters in cuss words to bypass the chat filter ROBLOX has set up.
Examples: “fk u” and “sht”.
It’s the beginning of 2018 and this still is a huge problem.
Usually, you shouldn’t run into this problem because of safe chat.
The violence in the game isn’t really much of a problem.
There are games like Zombie Rush and Blood Fest that have guns and violence in them.
There are also games like Paintball which also have violence in it.
A lot of parents have been complaing about the “exploiters” and the report abuse button.
The exploiters are just people who want to ruin the experience for your child, same with “trollers”.
There is nothing that you can do to stop them and they are going to continue so just let ROBLOX moderators do their job and let them handle the task at hand.
Parents are saying that their children are getting banned from ROBLOX for nothing reason or the moderators haven’t done anything.
ROBLOX has about 2 million players and I don’t think the moderators could solve all those reports in one whole day.
Give them time to do their job and I’m sure your child got banned for a reason.
They always give you reasons of why you got banned.
ROBLOX is supposed to power your child’s imagination but if your child uses their imagination for the wrong thing then that’s when things go wrong.
I tried and tried but it wont let me i logged out to test my new password when i inserted it it would not let me on my account i think this is a waste of time to work for something then have it taken by a PASSWORD!?!?
!I really hope that kids should not play a game that lies about what this is really about.
This happened a first time on my other account but then i created this one and i forgot my password so i wrote another to try out and i don't want this to happen to others and this is a addicting game but kids should look the other way from this game cause then they want it on phones and even on my PHONE?!
has porn and sxuality,  block this website!
Number 1 is that roblox's moderation is ABSOLUTELY horrid.
Late 2017 people said that the report system didn't work , but they fixed it around the middle of 2017 .
The reason is people have been reported getting banned for no good reason, like for instance saying  yes and hi!
Now when you say a cuss word then it comes out like this "####" , but roblox is so strict about now that you aren't allowed to even say numbers!
Roblox does absolutely nothing about this issue because the most popular game called Meepcity,  A ripoff of Toontown and Club Penguin has attracted the most Online Daters and caused the Filter to be strict.
However roblox does have downsides: ODers*, account scammers, hackers, WAY TOO STRONG filtering (It Is so strong that you cant say stuff like numbers, long words, etc).
Roblox founders and famous developers are VERY greedy about money, and they are repeatedly overpricing robux (the main currency since tix, a currency you EARN, got removed in 2016 April), making hats and gears WAY TOO expensive.
They also support rich ODers and just ban poor ODers, but at least that is better than not banning both of them.
Hello everyone,

I've noticed many parents have left bad reviews off Roblox, however having played this game for several years now I have witnessed the community AND moderators become worse.
The game is fine by itself but the problem is when parents say there is violence it is because the entire game is user based with very little games made by the Roblox staff themselves.
Many of the online interactions on Roblox are fine and there are great people on there, but when your child is playing the wrong games (mostly role playing games and club based games) online interactions become worse.
This is why many parents leave bad reviews on this game.
All concerns can apply to this game, but only because of the community and since most games are user generated that applies to violence too...
It has a system that if  anyone swears, when they post it, immediate action takes place and it gets blocked, with hashtags.
Another concern is that it is user-generated, because sadly guests were removed, so the only way to get on is making an account, which I reccomend putting your email so you don’t forget your password.
There are a lot of scammers, so be careful, whatever you do, do NOT fall for people asking your password and saying they will give you “robux” , the only thing they’re giving you is a hacked account because they will then login and you will be kicked off your account, and they will change your password and use any robux you have.
And the games too, they are all fake.
Some hackers are able to make a fake chat by making up random usernames in chat and making them say things like “I can’t believe this worked!
They also add admins like builderman and ROBLOX, but don’t fall for it.
The drinking, drugs and smoking is also another thing that luckily if people type any of these words, it gets blocked and replaced with hashtags, but people still bypass this.
The currency is called Robux by the way, when I’ve been talking about it, and it is IMPOSSIBLE to get a free way of getting robux, no matter how much it looks real, 99.00 percent of the time, it’s fake, and there is only 1.00 percent chance it is real.
Sometimes, these events are horrible, such as shootings and major crimes, and sometimes they are good, such as major breakthroughs.
The difference between ROBLOX and the news is that when something "good" happens in ROBLOX, (such as a new game comes out) nobody really cares, because again, who would?
When something bad happens, such as a child predator report comes in, then it's big news because now it's becoming a "real issue".
What I am trying to say is, I think many people are only focusing on the bad parts of ROBLOX (which i will admit there are a few things) and are oblivious to the good things that happen.
The fear of pedophiles and child predators may be on your mind.
In games like these, you don't usually have to deal with child predators.
However, you do have to deal with issues such as people swearing, "too much violence", and possibly "too much drinking/drugs/smoking" references as well.
This is where the issue "too much sex" can occur.
I haven't played many RP games, so my opinion on this issue may not be as well thought out as my other opinions, and they might be biased because many players that play action games actually find RP games as stupid.
(I'm sure many RP gamers think action games are stupid as well) But anyway, from what I've seen and heard from my friends that play these type of games and myself, this hardly ever occurs.
But I think it's another one of those cases where the good things are overlooked, and the bad things (again such as sex being imitated in the game) are over focused on.
Never the less, this is still an on going issue that I constantly hear about.
Many people blame it on the "crappy chat filter system", and how it isn't  very good at doing it's job.
There are many people that think ROBLOX is going overboard with the chat filtration system (especially safe chat), and that there are too many blocked words that should be allowed to be said.
Also remember there are phrases that have double meanings, which makes it frustrating when you want to use phrase in an innocent manner, but it keeps getting blocked.
On the other hand, there are many people that think ROBLOX's chat system isn't good enough, and that the filter does a bad job filtering out words that shouldn't be used on a video game targeted towards kids.
Unfortunately, it is near impossible to block every bad word, and all of the alternative ways of saying it.
For example, saying the "s word" will be blocked, but saying "sh9t" isn't.
Even if ROBLOX does find a way to filter each and every bad word and alternative way of saying it, there is still that other group of people who want the chat filter to be removed, and this will most likely stir a lot of people up, or cause many players to just leave.
On top of this, there is the "reporting" issue.
Many people think this report system doesn't work, because many people get reported on, but nothing ever happens to them.
(I've been reported over 100 times and only once I actually got banned).
This is very tedious, therefore, ROBLOX most likely cannot get to each and every report, which leads to many people thinking that the report system does not work.
The best solution for this is just to exit the game.
I know I said a lot, and most of you probably won't agree with a 14 year old who is inexperienced with life in general, but that's just my opinion.
The world is the world, so expect some violent behavior and swearing.
There are also games like Innovation Lab where you can experience a meltdown, mess with the core and drop it's temperature down to the negatives, and "study" alien lifeforms.
Now to the bad things.
Their updates have gotten really bad over the years, and nobody seems to like them.
It gives avatars a realistic look, but NOT in a good way.
More than a third of Roblox users don't want it to be added.
Players have seem to find ways to get around the Roblox moderation system and curse.
Safety is also a problem.
The player should know better to NOT give out their address, age, or even their name, but up to today, they've found a way to do so.
Security settings seem to help most targeted accounts of a hacker, but I've already gotten hacked WITH COMPLETE security on it.
I've tried anything I can to get them out of my account, and I'm pretty sure I got hacked by a keylogger.
I do think that the currency "robux" is a bit overrated.
The other bad side to ROBLOX is, is that there is too much bad stuff on it.
If I were you, be careful which games you play because sometimes 18+ games are made and released to the public for 2,3 maybe even a week before found and taken down.
These kind of games have bad things in it and don't have a filter.
When it at its released, Its not that popular so there is only a few O'ders and bully.
That means there are now alot of O'ders and bully.
Also the removal of tickets makes player scammed players easier, mostly NBC users.
Also the moderation is trash, reports always ignored.
Phantom Forces : Gun shooting and blood 3.MeepCity : O'ders 4.Jailbreak : Gun and taser shooting and teachs children how to rob 5.Assasin : Use of knifes

1.Hide and seek games : Makes the classic hide and seek more fun 2.Tycoon games : Teaches children how to be patient
It is currently impossible to make a full list.
ITS TERRIBLE.
It censors A** but not butt, and at one point it was censoring the word "the".
OK so i'm just going to say that this game can be violent, scary, and the only way to actually get stuff and play is to buy ROBUX.
Hacking can occur and the hackers can put inappropriate items in the game.
that's no good.
You cannot swear in this game because of hashtags and you cannot say numbers.
First there are to many young children on roblox for the games that roblox has such as roblox highschool (where there are countless amount of children not even old enough to be in highschool, "dating" and doing other innapropriate things in that game and other roblox roleplaying games) also there is Phantom Forces, Murder Mystery, Jailbreak and countless other games with weapons, and effects that aren't good for children under 13 yet a large majority of players are under 13 .
The chat has horrible censorship where words that are simple get censored, and many people get away with horrendously innapropriate roblox usernames, as a free player your choices for changing your character is low and appaling, and it's sad the little creativity the roblox staff put into free character customization, and item collection, also there are ridiculous prices on these items where even if you decided to spend $10 to buy some robux you still wouldn't be able to buy much, and also many games have i
Also there are clickbait titles, and misleading thumbnails over many roblox games, and since these kids are easily persuaded to join these various games that are innapropriate or just not good for the roblox communitys growth and betterment, honestly there are various games that are good and honestly well made but again due to the large amount of children playing this game (without parent supervision as well) these kids spew horrendous words, and misuse and abuse the game system, and because there young, an
Yes a lot has changed and roblox has become worst but still.
1st of all roblox isnt changing your kid age is.
If you dont know it was about 3rd grade in which kids started cursing for me.
Also in roblox they do tag curse words now.
They tag almost the whole dictonary.
Now bullying?
Bullying isn't too too common.
If you are worried about teens being inappropriate around your little kids don't worry so bad.
There are so many online bullies there that humiliated me.
And I thought that reporting would work but guess what  the roblox moderators dont give  a  sh*t. They do not read the ban reports at ALL.
Andbthere is this sh*tty thing on roblox called safechat and it doesnt let ANYONE say anything, well I might be,exaggerating here but you can say some words but you cannot say the following quoted lines: "so what does the play button say?"
"dude stop teabagging me!"
"I hate roblox!"
All of these lines are totally appropriate in real life and in other games but safechat makes sure that you are pissed off.
Last but not least the community, It is so bad.
And it is so trashy, here is an example.
They will most likely say no or say eww a noob or walk away or leave the game.
So remember, Roblox is not fun at ALL.
But for kids, definitely no.
My friend's child is deeply addicted to the game and always throws fits when we tell her to stop playing.
It came to the point where now, she has bad grades and is going a bit overweight.
I'd say the game means no harm but do not let kids play it longer than 3 hours a week.
People can get hacked, and there are pretty violent games.
Bloodfest and RooM are not intended for children to play.
There are also very inapproppriate games which are hiding under very specific titles.
One animator called MisterObvious was a child predator and got banned when he was exposed.
Seriously, all these adults and parents being triggered over leaving their uneducated child on the internet is just bothering.
It's your fault if you don't educate your kid before leaving them on the internet!!
The community sometimes isn't the best, but you can disable chatting entirely, and it also depends on who you surround yourself with.
And also don't trust those free robux sites!!
Roblox is my favorite game, but there are countless scams and hacks on roblox.
The most common scam is "free robux" which I have played many of.
The thing is, only about a third of them are actual scams, while others either lead to scams, cost robux, or just do not work.
Trust me, I have played many of these games and they are all fake.
Unbelieveably, there are youtube vids of how too HACK a ROBLOX ACCOUNT or how to get FREE OBC (outrageous builder's club), which is leading to absolute chaos in the roblox community.
I have played it for a long time, (I only played good, age-appropriate games) but my parents banned it.
It is very addicting, and some games are very bad.
Your child has a 99% chance of encountering something bad.
Unfortunately, all games that have multiple players have risks.
If you are going to let your child play this game, you need to be involved constantly.
This game is better left untried.
Bad words are not accepted in the chat.
The game can be used violently with the weapons that can be used, and admin abuse has now begun.
This game can allow dating, cursing/swearing by using chat in a weird way, and also things that can be used for sex, money, lying about information, and you can give private information in a way.
roblox a game were there are online daters, trollers, scams and hackers i've been a veteran for about 2 years now and i've noticed all of these things roblox does not care about online daters because they buy robux and that - money do not try this game online daters have sexual stuff on this website..
Pretty okay i guess, But some games on roblox have pretty toxic communities, So i advise you to disable chat for your child's account.
Also if you think this game has too much violence, you really are tripping, there's a fighting genre on roblox for a reason.
There are chat filters which censor out profanity and inappropriate text which is quite hard to bypass.
There are many children which play this game so there are occasionally some predators, but you have the option to report and block other users if they are harassing you.
Some games are a bit violent and can include death, but it is quite comical since the character makes an "oof" noise when dying and has his/her blocky limbs fall off.
Online Dating been the problem for years.
now its gotten worse sense they change owner ship and now 2 year olds are playing it.
Ur kid will be roasted by other cool kids on roblox.
Sex games and people swaring and people talking dirty has been the problem when 2014 hit.
and there been alout of hacking
They have gotten rid of things that the website should have, for example tix which was free in-game money, now they have also gotten rid of public forums which most role-play groups used.
Only thing semi-good is the censoring they have censored a lot of bad words but it also censors number and normal words we need.
Its also more of a pay to play game.
verbal bully
bad server
all about profit
I wanna talk about how ROBLOX has been good for the whole timeline, I'm some 12 year old talking about how roblox turned up, badly....
So, at the catalog, my whole family is consisted of getting robux but they decided to not care about it because it's just virtual items and who would even spend 200 dollars on 35k robux or 22.5k robux...

On rare occasions, literal games who pop up on the popular games are trying to scam ya, no...
The hashtags is too harsh and it literally tags out simple things like Coke, Phone, 1, 2, 3, 4 etc.
on Clubs, people like girls decide to wear horny and slutty outfits with man legs or original legs to make them thicc, like literally, what the fuck...

All the clickbait games can give you down right crying cause of you not seeing something on the thumbnail after 10 minutes...
There would literally be items that would be passed by the ROBLOX system and it looks disgusting like Women Shading...
Breast Shading, Bras, Sexy fishnets, etc....

My family would avoid all of those things and it would be perfectly fine, expect the other unlucky kids who get viruses on their iPads and Computers which is obviously a fucking weird coincidence which i don't believe, how can iPads or iPhones get viruses from a literal App Store game or Google Play Store game.. ._.
But going to popular Clubs like Club Tesla (the Od'er and sexy horny bitches land) or CLUB BOATES (the casual one but a bit spicy) is a no must for other young kids.
Although some people can be rude in the game...
But all games have their bad side, and Roblox is no exception.
Swear Bypassers
Some Roblox players try to bypass the roblox chat filter and say curse words with symbols in them.
Most, but not all Roblox players are kind
There are some cyber bullies out there, and I've met some.
They just annoy you until you start to rage, then they laugh at you and call you a "Kid" or a "baby".
It's very annoying, but hard to come by, which is good.
-------------THE DARK SIDE OF ROBLOX-------------
Sadly, many Roblox players break terms of service.
They are known as Online Daters.
These people date on Roblox and even have sex there.
Some even make Roblox sex games.
Roblox also removed tix just so they could make more money, because without tix, you have to pay for everything.
This lead to an increase in bullies.
The bullies called the people who don't have robux "Noobs" when in reality, noobs are new players.
Another thing to avoid is "Free Robux" games.
They do not give robux and are only made to steal your account.
DO NOT enter your password and leave the game immediately.
If you enter your password, your account will be stolen.
Trust me, my account got stolen once and it took me a while to get it back.
Roblox is a game with very much swearing, bullying, and 2/5 of the players are very much Online Dating.
There might be much violence but kids 13- can enable restricted games.
It is impossible to report and having an admin or a moderator to review it, even if it says so.
This means that players can easily bully people.
Also a good part of games are violent.
For example, if you are playing a zombie shooter game, you would most likely see someone cursing or using some kind of inapproiate language instead of playing a disney princess game, you are less likely to hear inapporpraite language.
However, if your child does not feel comfortable on Roblox due to a situation they may send a report that goes to the Roblox developers and take care of the issue.
The reporting system is effective but it does take quite a while for Roblox to take care of the issue but they get it done.Roblox has sexual content, some inappropraite language, and alot of consumerism.
Roblox in my opinion does have too much consumerism because everything you have to buy!!
That is outrageous!
There are constant ads on how you should buy this and that, so it does get a bit annoying.
Too much violence
There's a safe chat so 6 year olds probably won't understand that.
Anyone could play this game, but not every little kid could understand it.
It may have slight bad words and bad stuff, however most is blocked by their system.
Parents, if you see pornographic images on the screen like on the walls or in the middle of your screen, the game is being hacked.
If that doesn't work, try a different game.
I would have to say though don't let your kids on any type of role-play games like adopt a baby, meep city or roblox highschool.
There are many dangers of that could result getting your child possibly killed.
The best way to prevent this is by not letting your child playing those games I said up there ^.
Since you have to pay for it many children get lured into the scam traps were they go to a "free robux generator".
going into these sites can cause you getting viruses and you childs account getting hacked.
These are the main problems I would say.
she would not talk to anyone and she would just play roblox, and with this being a social game, it is easy for predators to get children.
the chances are if your kid is under 12 and has not had the internet safety class, predators could easily get information from them.
the users can talk about anything as it is poorly moderated.
there is thousands of curse words said in the chat, but they are all bleeped with # signs.
that and poor moderation keeps those games up.
with all the bad stuff the game still encourages creativity, but saying that at this point is like saying eating out of a garbage can is okay because %2 of it is safe to eat.
with all that said i think you should only let teenagers play this game, because they will know better when it comes to predators.
when i go on roblox sometimes, i really stress out when i see unfamous hackers like 1x1x1x1 and the hacker group, the community.
when i heard about the new hacker group, BIoxwatch, with a uppercase i for a l, i felt like i wanted to scream.
it just gets me nervous.
and once, there was someone saying inappropriate stuff with the "love" word.
my friend once got hacked, i stressed out like crazy, i almost screamed the loudest i could.
The moderation is the main problem of this site, it is very poor as there are very few things done with moderation since there are so few moderators and over millions of users, they probably should have come up with  with a game plan  but seemingly, the population of Roblox has exploded, probably shocking what few moderators there are to this site.. Now, let's go onto the community, which is sort of chaotic, if your child is under 10 years of age, i suggest you watch over  them when they do play Roblox, if 
These people that do not like OD'ers try to stop them and try to get them to see the danger, others pester them out of doing it, since there is little moderation, the community is trying, (And not really doing well since 70% of the Roblox community age average is around 11 years old.)
to fill in the spot where the moderation is, however, the people in  this game can get angered easily, arguments are quite common, though, cursing is not directly possible unless using exploitation methods (Bypassing the chat filter FULLY.)
People try to bypass the filter by instead of saying, let's say, the f- word, they'll probably say, "f**** you, you b****," and many other things that children under 14 probably should not be hearing, they may even go as far as just removing one letter, then replacing it with a number.
Well ROBLOX may be a fun gaame but it is filled up with cyber bullyies and other bad stuff , when i was playing ROBLOX in the game "MeepCity" i saw A LOTS OF PLAYERS ONLINE DATING and a guy made his house like  A STRIP CLUB YES YOU READ CORRECTLY SO I THINK THAT ROBLOX IS NOT THAT MUCH KID FRIENDLY .... because of this i quitted roblox.
Roblox tries to hashtag what people say, but you can just space or add extra letters to skip hashtags and cheat the system.
I've notice it isn't a very safe game for a younger group of kids since you could give out personal information.
It just means is blocks something's you say.
Those blockheads... and there are lots of bad messages.
The community is bad too.
Well there is no swearing when you swear it comes up hashtag.nothing else bad except privacy and freedom concerns.
The only thing is, when you chat in games, people swear a lot, so I would keep young kids away from it.
I don't know what the fuss about the support department is because i set a pin on my account to prevent people changing my password but i forgot it, so i emailed info@roblox.com (the support email) and within less than a day i had a reply and it had been disabled from my account so i could access my settings again.
Most roleplay games are the games that have online dating and non child friendly stuff so stay away from that if you can.
The biggest issue i have come across are exploiters (aka "hackers") if you want to avoid this a good way to do so is don't join games with small amounts of players in because  most of the time unpopular games are the ones that get exploited the most.
There are violent games, to name one, "Phantom Forces", but that's not the only one.
The main problem is the PARENTS not having enough of an eye on what their child is doing, which would be SO GOOD if it happened, because then they can put a stop to whatever bad things are happening.
All of those "predators" online are usually just preteen Online Daters looking to have a virtual relationship because they can't get a real grill.
Hacking is rampant, however, but it won't happen to you.
Usually it's done to hijack games.
Creators don't make the crap that goes on, but hackers import the innapropriate models, so don't put the creators at fault for the hackings.
Some say the reports don't work, and that's true in a way.
When you report in game, they usually they read the chat logs, but most of the time that doesn't help the situation.
Also, don't blame them for letting things slide.
They're overwhelmed, so don't blame them for letting a few things slide.
this game is playable with almost anybody so that means bad people could use this website / game and disguise as a kid.
this game is stupid anyways its awful its not very fun.
Don't listen to those negative reviews, their just being jealous!
Now, ROBLOX does have bad updates and their moderation is poor, but it's a fun game to play (Really, it is).
Roblox isnt free, everyone are laughing at you, and kids are ruling at you.
They cursed and were violent it was just sad.
It's just gross and annoying.
It's just roblox barely EVER
 monitors it.
The shooters are not graphic but in some there are pools of blood but it's nothing to worry about.
all the bad things on roblox

ONLINE DATING
SWEARING
BULLYING
HACKING/EXPLOITING
SCAMMING
COPYING SHIRTS IN CATALOG
swearing is ok 4 me
also hacking/exploit
On the other hand, people swear, people cyberbully and people use the f word.
People also hack user accounts sometimes and try to get them banned.
But other games ruin it.....especially roleplaying games!
They are just boring.
But there's something else that ruin the roleplaying games.....it's the online daters!
Yep, some pedophiles think it's ok to go on a KIDS GAME and try to date people.
Because it's on a roleplaying game, the kids think it's just a 'roleplay' and the pedophile is just playing....what's actually happening is the pedophiles are corrupting the kids mind.
There are some violent games that are basically Call of Duty.....so make sure your young child doesn't get near those ones either.
However, there are some concerns about it:
Somebody once asked my sister how old she was.
Robux and Builders Club cost real money.
Hackers can hack games and change stuff but this doesn't happen often.
Jailbreak by Badimo has a problem with no clip hackers flying into the bank, etc.
Roblox was about fun, but now it's all about money.
Stop being such overprotective sissies!
I mean yeah, sure there are some weird screwed up people and ODers and other things, either way it's great.
It censors swear words and personal info.
Problem is that  kids spend a lot of parent's money on robux(game currency).
Keep your little kids off of roblox you shitty morons I don't wanna play with anymore 8 year old noobs
And inappropriate games made by random people.
There are also a lot of free robux scamming.
What i think about this game well don't get offend, Is worse game ever not being rude, that in my opinion why is worse?
We have mostly online daters admin not doing their job, sexual content, Way to much violence.
Do not let these kids play it roblox or admins will ban you instantly after you bought something, it happen to me and also profanity, and more.
The game is a child's game with some games that have violence and horror.
The admins are awful and the system cannot do jack to detect altered curse words, the report system never works which is great (in a way) because it can teach your kids to suck it up and move on.
BUT there is some people who bypass any censorship and post nudity in certain games but those games barely get any attention.
Your account cannot be deleted as one parent said they could but they mixed it up with builders club.
Builders club is a service in which you pay roblox REAL money for online currency, this system is awful and should not be used.
DON'T be an idiot and mix things up with this game, just because it's online doesn't mean it's bad.
Most of the games are kid-friendly, but unfortunately one or two players don't know how to behave appropriately and some areas on ROBLOX are prone to hackers and predators.
The reporting system is not the best, but chat moderations are set to a good age.
However, in execution ROBLOX goes downhill.
It's taken an extremly commercial approach to things as of latley, and if you get a child hooked up to play this, I will guarantee they will come to you begging for money to buy the game's in-game currency, ROBUX.
The playerbase has become notoriously filled with jerks and trolls, though they can't do much do to the game's limiting filter.
All and all, you'd need a pretty smart kid to not either fall into the money hole or not end up having their account stolen on ROBLOX.
Fun, but mini games can be bad.
I've seen many Adults/kids saying that this game has too much swearing/pornographic content/Exploiters.
I'll say this is not true, swearing gets filtered and too much can get you banned.
pictures of people naked gets taken off the website around in 12 hours (And Could get you banned).
Exploiters aim to join crap online-dating worlds but ever since Roblox release Filtering mode, there's less of them now (Exploiters get banned depending on evidence)

A thing to caution is if your kid has BC/R$(R$ = Robux).
I've seen my younger brother play games with BC & R$ and he's used it badly.
I quit Roblox a long time ago.
Most users are very friendly and nice, but others sware lots and are very mean.
Sadly, I met a lot of them.
pedos and perverts, i have alot of friends on this game and most of them i have skyped with so i know they are kids, and some i know they are kids because they havethese cute little youtube channels where they share there art or game with some friends, and the violence is moderate, there are things such as: paintguns, some games even have real guns ( but there is no gory death except they fall apart and say "oof!"
so ive been on roblox for almost a year now and i've seen people posting swear words and having sex and ODing (aka online dating)  the moderators ban you for very stupid reasons i once got banned for posting a mcdonalds ad and apparently from the moderators point of view it was "inappropriate"  the reporting system doesn't work and it's useless .
people keep calling newbies "noobs and the filtering symptom is terrible apparently google is a scam site   AVOID THIS SITE PARENTS AND KIDS!!!
Remember, stay away from the violent games kids.
That's just...eww.
Also, watch out for clickbait; they try to give their creators Robux by luring you in with false titles like "ONLY GIRLS CAN PLAY" and usually have bad ratings, switching (and all-caps) titles, bad quality thumbnails, the false "This game is made by me and all other games are copies" statement, and as everyone knows, sometimes thumbnails from Roblox YOUTUBE videos.
This website is okay for past-time playing, but it's filled with toxic players that will likely make your kids angry if they play, I've been playing ROBLOX since 2011 and oh boy, I've gone through countless games.
This is unsafe because child predators could be the "rich" avatar they are "dating."
When you die there is no blood, all you do when you die is fall to pieces and it says Ooh.
This game used to be fun and I played it for a while but this game is now FULL of scammers and YouTubers and people of the ROBLOX community share this around and If your child finds a website link that says you could get free currency in the game then you're at risk of the entire account and personal information.
Unfortunately, there- as in all online games, can be people who are actually pedophiles targeting children.
I've played ROBLOX for 2 years and I can promise that there is definitely some strange stuff going on with this game.
That gives of a very bad image to kids, and it should not be reflected to ROBLOX's main audience, which is younger children.
It's also very obvious ROBLOX is finding ways to get the parents' money out of overpriced game currency and toys.
The graphics are bad, many salty players who uses profanity extremely often.
I think parents should know that the only reason why bad stuff happens is because  your kid might have OD/online dated or said stuff that should have been kept to their self.
the game does have hashtags so if there is a bad word or something your kid won't be able to read it,also there might be other bad stuff in roblox but kids should know not to search a game the would be bad.
There is a "Report Abuse" button that will most likely get the game or player removed.
Roblox does have a chat filter, meaning "F**k, S**t, B***h" and so on, will be turned into Hashtags (Example: "Player: This game is ####!")
Roblox is now more than chatting but a weapon to human trafficking and predatorism.Users in Roblox usually Online Date(OD) With each other without getting close in personal.This is also dangerous because those users are possibly child predators.Frauds are even spammed on the games' comment leading to scam popularity.Roblox is also encouraging users to buy their Robux as their own currency exchange to US Dollar system to change their looks leading roblox as the worst money economy trust when it comes to welf
First of all, I would just like to say how much I passionately hate this website.
The reviews are all written by people who have the same parenting skills as overprotective, stereotypical "soccer moms" that about everyone in this generation can't stand.
But I guess we'll just have to deal with that.
Second, I would like to say how the reviews of this game are wrong.
There's a 12+ mode, for God's sake!
If your child wants to get this game because all of the other 6 year olds at his or her school have it, put on the dang filter!
Finally, this game sucks.
Obviously, your child won't listen to any reason most likely about quality, but this game is literally filled to the brim with the most annoying people and *shocker* there are "bad people" on it!
I'm sure you'll find someone who wants to stalk your child or something.
And yes, there is very little moderation.
But that doesn't matter compared to how bad this game is in general.
Apart from a couple of good servers here and there, it's all "fidget spinner obstacle course" and crap.
If you're a parent and you actually read all of this, I hope you learned something.
That intention was completely pure, but the problem was they made it a community run game and eventually added to many things that cost ingame currency.
The game's community became infested with people trying to get "Robux" and sexual content.
Kids are being exposed to things they shouldn't be.
This games filters are also trash and their moderation is even worse.
They have something called "reporting" which doesn't work at all.
DO NOT LET YOUR CHILD PLAY THIS GAME!!!
There are many things wrong with this game.
The roblox admins are money hungry idiots
The roblox admins are so money hungry they go against there own rule (which is a very serious one).It is called online dating.
This is bad because there are child predators that target children and date them.
The roblox admins do not care to enrforce this rule.
Not banning the right people.
Just like I said on reason one roblox dosent enforce their rules, and online daters that have done very pornographic stuff have not been banned yet.
Instead roblox bans randomly innocent players for no reason.
Well the reason for this is that roblox BANS anybody who crticizes the online daters.
That's just really weird and odd.
3.Annoying scammers and bots
Im sure everyone on roblox has seen bots.
They lure you into these stupid sites promising free robux.
Scammers are also common.
Most parents come here and give their opinion that this game has inappropriate games, bad chat filters and terrible players.
Most of these games have mild violent content.
It's not like blood spews out everywhere and you could see the player's shot limbs come apart and things like that.
I have gone on empty games to check the chat filters, and there is almost no way to do so.
Unless you use the word 'Sheet' as a substitute, there is no other way to do so.
And if you focus where the terrible players are, you will miss the chance to find good, supportive and helpful ones.
And as for the terrible players, just tell your child to stiffen up and learn not to take these comments seriously, and to laugh them off.
Im not saying to make them soft, but make them realize that this is the INTERNET, where MOST of the people can insult others, because they will never meet them in real life, and if they do, they wont know that one guy that they told to KYS.
even the smallest details like a phone number, PO box or email should not be revealed.
And teach them not to get triggered and annoy an older kid over a tiny issue.
and she started telling me her sister will come and kill me and she told me to die.
'Elemental Battlegrounds':
If you dont like any games which include a bit of blood and guns, then try this game.
despends what you play if meepcity its not safe also most of community are ugly trashkids.
who wear craphead and items are overpriced asf
All these reviews make Roblox seem like a horrible place filled with hackers, scammers, and porn.
BUT THAT IS NOT THE CASE!!!
All those bad reviews are the result of bad parenting, not the game.
Just in case you aren't convinced, and you still believe all those bad reviews, remember that parents normally only review when something bad happens, that's why there is so much negativity.
A small fraction of kids have this happen to them.
i played roblox and I love it.. but in 2017, things started concerning me...
people said a Bad Word on Roblox.. this is why i ended up stopping chatting on the Chat and Party thing.. because It bad words... any other kids need to be careful of this game.
or u can block the bad games so your kids do not play bad games.
so i ask my mom can i pls have robux she says no of course i am doing this for a reason so i dont get bullied by people that have robux they swear and their probably 7, 8 or 9 so i say robux should be banned and there should be only free things
                                                                      DO WHATS RIGHT TONES OF KIDS ARE GETTING BULLIED WATCH OUT
Games like murder mystery and phantom forces don't really contain blood.do not let them play games like meepcitgames or raise a cute kid games.
They are full of online daters.
They have become greedy over the years, they removed a thing called "tix" in 2016 where you got ten everyday and was equal to 1 robux.if you are chatting  in game or messaging  info can be leaked, but you can disable that stuff in settings.
Just make sure your child sticks to stuff like tycoons and obbys.Also most reviews are outdated.
This is bad there are allot of pedofiles and predators in this site so be care ful with your children roblox does not want to ban predators because since predators buy robux to look cool.
But, the customer service is horrible.
There is so much swearing all though it gets bleeped out people find a way around it and say really rude things.
There is also lots of violence too much.
The filters are insanely strict, but easy to bypass.
"shit" is censored, but "shiit" or "sh7t" is not.
This means that kids may be exposed to foul language and other types of dangerous language.
This currency will EAT UP YOUR MONEY as the only way to attain it is to buy it and/or develop games and profit from them.
(most kids don't want to take their time developing games).
All of them are quite expensive.
This level doesn't have many benefits either.
This only gets more and more expensive.
These people date online and do inappropriate things.
ROBLOX does nothing to ban them as the online daters are just giving them money, and they are greedy people up there at ROBLOX.
Besides, I have caught MANY people doing inappropriate  things around games.
One time an exploiter came on and changed the background of the game to some disgusting pornography that nobody wants to see.
If you get an error, you have to think why that error happened and attempt to fix it.
Some games are violent, or just inappropriate entirely.
Games like Jailbreak are MASSIVE hits on ROBLOX, but they don't teach good lessons.
The very last thing I want to touch on: the safety and privacy concerns of your children.
Scammers are everywhere and will try to give you "free robux" but you have to enter your password or fill out a form that requires personal information.
It is fun but there is toxic people that are innapropriate
I immediately regretted this decision and I had the sudden urge to throw myself off Mount Everest.
Yeah, it was that bad, and let me explain why:

The controls are a nightmare, movement is awkward, camera controls belong to the Nintendo 64 (a comparison to how outdated these controls are), and the animations are stiff and poorly designed.
Mini games vary in quality, as the creators can have inappropriate concepts within the game (from sex, to swearing, to drinking, to bad influences, etc.).
Despite my comments from the previous section (and despite what FamilyZone has to say about this game, link to their review: https://www.familyzone.com/blog/roblox-parents-review), there are more dangerous games out there.
If this came out prior to Night Trap (the game that created the ESRB ratings in 1992), I would doubt that this game would cause outrage and force a rating system that would keep dangerous games away from children.
There are other games with more violence and explicit content than Roblox (which is, by the way, its only redeemable quality).
One problem I had when making this review was what age group should be playing this game.
Recently, I've noticed a lot of children on games they shouldn't have.
Parents ought to be more careful when a game has voice chat or any form of in-game chat, as I have received rude messages, death threats, sexually explicit phrases, etc.
Overall, I believe that Roblox is the poor man's Minecraft.
Although it is online, your just dealing with 3 year old wannabes who are salty.
I'd stay away from Roleplay, it goes from silly to graphic (not blood wise).
You get a ton of spam from bots, but those are just phising for accounts, delete any spam before your kid wants robux for free.
If your child would rather play games on roblox, some games are child friendly, (without violence, horror, mature themes) but there are some games that contain weapons, and there are some pretty creepy horror games.
If your child gets asked to be their boyfriend or girlfriend by another player, report the user and leave the game.
But sadly, you cannot control who sends you friend requests.
The last think I think families MUST BE AWARE OF on roblox is scamming.
There are spam accounts on roblox made to spread the word of third party websites that look like roblox websites.
The rest are scams trying to steal personal info.
But there are many dangers and your children should be aware of these dangers before playing.
For those of you parents who are new to "ROBLOX" I have seen some of the worst possible material shown to children of only 9 years of age.
From Neo-Nazi groups to Sexual imagery, this game is not something I would recommend for children.
If you want a safe child-friendly game don't even look for one, the only ones avaible are the types that make your child a real punk online.
DO NOT ALLOW YOUR CHILD TO PLAY ROBLOX UNTIL THEY'RE 14+ UNLESS YOU WANT THEM TO HAVE EARLY EXPOSURE TO SEXUAL CONTENT, NEO-NAZISM, ONLINE DATING, SEX ED, THEFT/INAPPROPIATE BLOOD SPLATTER, SUICIDE, ANTI-SEMITISM AND MANY  MORE INAPPROPIATE SUBJECTS INCLUDING ADDICTION!
(swearing in minor cases) also Builders Club is made to be an addiction, don't even buy it for your kid once stay safe.
The bad things are the violence and skimpy outfits.
Also you can stalk people and break into there houses.
Child Predators lurk around every corner, constant pressure to buy builders club to be "trendy" and not a "noob," tons of cyberbullying.
Please do NOT let your children on this.
It is NOT educational.
The games are brain dead, and there is no moderation from admins.
Overall roblox is pretty fun and safe,  but the report system doesn't work, the safechat is easily bypassed.
Also the moderators and administration care more about money than child safety and allow ODers (Online Daters) these people search for boyfriends and girlfriends in game and as you understand they might be pedophiles.
Groups that attempt to stop ODers are targeted by the administration and often banned for what they didn't do.
Brief summary: careless administration, exploiters, report button doesn't work, safechat can easily be bypassed.
She was always getting to stay up to play this...Stupid game.
Oh, and the fact that this fat guy obby was basically vore, i can't stand it.
This game isn't appropriate for little kids at ALL.
Some problems with roblox are the fact that you can bypass swearing, trashy moderation, and consumer overload.
I have probably spent around 200 dollars in robux alone and that is a problem.
The robux money system is not something you can earn with a NBC (Non-BuildersClub) Account.
A lot of things that are cool are expensive as heck.
The things that I dislike about ROBLOX is the fact that almost everything you say is censored.
I am on that +13 mark now and I shouldnt have numbers and common names hashtagged.
I understand that they want to keep parents on their side but for the older players it just flat out sucks.
Well, to start, this game has false advertisements.
The creators of this game are greedy people an I will tell you how: they have an in-game currency that can only be obtained by spending at least $4.
What's wrong with that?"
Well you have a cool avatar to not get cyberbullied and the creatord make the avatar clothing so expensive in ROBUX (that currency) that they make your child beg you to buy ROBUX.
Also, that website is NOT safe because there are "ROBUX scammers" who try to steal your child's account and steal their ROBUX that you paid for.
There are user-created games that involve violence, drugs, smoking, sex, etc.
The creators do nothing to help the game and they do rarely ban hackers.
There are so many hackers that hack both the games and your child's account.
Kids will be more violent and disgusting (as in talking about sex) after playing ROBLOX for at least a week.
Keep your child away from this game at all times.
The creators try and make the ads good but not the actual game.
Most of the reviews are coming from fake parents or ignorant idiots who think trash.
Games with "have a family" and stuff is where most pedos or online daters are at.
Games like JailBreak, Restaurant tycoon and some popular games that have no intention or idea of having a family or baby are anti-oder free.
It's the parents fault for allowing the kids to play the restricted online dating games and there is a rare chance of actually confronting a hacker or exploiter.
Some of them hack those family or have a baby game because they hate them!
I Play Roblox everyday, and it just gets worse and worse.
People are rude to others for no reason.
The Creators are stupid and just want money, there is only 6 ways to get robux.
It is just turning horrible.
Roblox uses stupid trends like fidget spinners.
This game makes kids addicted to money and they all would do anything to grab some robux.
Roblox is the most clickbaited game ever other than GTA.
If you are a parent and your child is under 9, Dont let your kid play the game.
If you ignore this, in about 6 months, You will regret even letting ur child play.
Also, online daters flood the game.
Roblox dosen't care beacause often ODers Buy OBC And Tons of robux which gives roblox money.
Again Parents DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT LET YOUR KID PLAY IF HE/SHE IS UNDER 9 YEARS OLD!!!!
IF YOU LET HE/SHE PLAY, IN 6 MONTHS YOU WILL REGRET.
However, the community ruins the whole game.
Also, this company is pretty greedy.
But as I said a while ago it got removed, and now people aren't able to buy anything in the catalog unless its free, which rarely occurs and most people who wear these free items often get called noobs, which was a commonly used word back in 2014 and such, but now it's kind of rare.
But speaking of people getting bullied while wearing these free clothes, people bypass the filter and use swear words on kids instead.
It hasn't been changed, and mostly removes words that are completely fine.
Also as I was speaking about the currencies before, Robux is a premium currency, meaning you can only get it by spending real money on this piece of garbage of a game.
Most likely you'll be charged before you even know it, as to cancel your subscription you'll have to go to your account's settings, where almost no one goes..
ROBLOX is really a boring and unsatisfying game that lets users create their own games, which most of the time are rip-offs other games and something like 'Escape the evil overlord obby.'
The players of ROBLOX are mostly threats to children, asking them to online date, giving them links to scams, even some swear words aren't censored in the chat.
Not only that, but ROBLOX is a home to thousands of hackers, who hack into games to give themselves cheats or exploits.
There is one hack where two players are forced to... rape each other, and a dick and breasts will be placed onto the players when they are forced into doing it.
A lot of the games on ROBLOX have violence such as guns, swords and other weapons, and some even contain real blood.
When you first join, your avatar is what other players call a 'noob' and because of that, many people will hate you, annoy you and make you plain out angry, but it could force a child could cry because of being cyber bullied.
The people behind the idea of ROBLOX are greedy.
A while ago there was something called TIX, which was the alternate version of the in-game money ROBUX, until the creators removed it, forcing all players to waste money on virtual cash.
The game is plain out inappropiate, boring, and threatening to all kids of any age.
all you idiots dont know how to deal with flamewar starters
Yes some games contain blood gore and stuff like that, just don't play those games.
Ive never found any people swearing in there either.
While there are a couple people swearing here and there, you can block them, report them, turn off the chat, or exit the game.
The real problem is not preparing your child for what's coming, and you as parent's are the only ones who can do that.
The only thing bad about this game are people, and if your child can handle people, then they are good to go.
The moderators on this game take way too long to do anything and ignore all the under age online dating, players can seduce kids into meeting them, and it is a huge risk for anyone below 18, people bypass filters saying expletive cuss words.
A long time ago it had more potential now its just a site for vulgar and very disgusting things to occur on i wouldn't recommend this to any parent or child.
But the parent reviews are full of, " MY LITTLE BILLY GOT TRACKED DOWN BY A PREDATOR AND CAME INTO MY HOUSE... ROBLOX IS UNSAFE!! "
Look, it's not ROBLOX that's the problem.
You should atleast watch your kid on his Ipad, instead of bragging to karen about how little jimmy has straight a's wa'll some old guy asks him for photo's of his penis.
Instead of letting some guy come into your house, maybe you should actually PARENT YOUR CHILDREN.
The ROBLOX staff can't control how the users behave.
Many websites have this behaviour.
YouTube has inappropriate videos and rude users, but many kids use it!
And, what I find most disturbing is that kids or players on games like to stare at these disturbing decals.
Going back to exploiters they can basically do whatever they want even get passes filtering enabled which is a mode to prevent exploiters these exploiters often like to troll as they can simply type in a script and it will be given to them such as sucuide bombs or guns that if you shoot them at a player blood and gore will come out to weapons or rides that ruin the experience on roblox due to the fact they are cheating to godding them selves (Such as making them to no one can defeat there character) To ruin
I however DONT like how the main currency in this game, Robux is not earned, however bought...
I think this is sending the wrong message about money to kids.
I also think that is is very hard to get bullied and be attacked/targeted on here.
If you try to say something inappropriate or mean, it will come out in tags.
Parents can also change security options... so it makes it even harder to message people or receive messages.
Spam is another issue but... if you educate your kids to not click these, they should know not to.
There is no such thing as FREE ROBUX.
A lot of people say it's bad for kids, but don't listen to them.
Don't recommend.
I gave in my details, and then, my account got compromised and I had to make a new one.
The cons I have about this game are the amount of child predators/pedophiles there are in the game, and how some games might be violent in ROBLOX.
(Especially when the mention MeepCity, a game known for being social on ROBLOX, but can have tons of pedophiles without you ever knowing.)
Roblox is a great game and anyone who thinks its "awful" know this, roblox pays millions of dollars to young people and your getting mad and attacking roblox just becuase its "not safe for children" suriesly sit down and acualy explore the site.
Just dont say whatever the media says becuase they are just trying to get clicks on there articles.
Keep in mind though, that their are clickbait and role play games, which can have a lot of online daters and child predators.
I advice that you stay away from those games.
You shouldn't exactly listen to every single story of a parent saying that Roblox is filled with inappropriate things or sexual things, because they actually do not understand what is really going on.
If you fear that your child is not safe when playing Roblox, you can go into the account's settings in the top right corner of the website and edit your child's account so they cannot either chat with people in-game or on the website.
The only games that I consider inappropriate on Roblox is the "Adopt a Kid", "Have a Family RP", "Adopt a Baby", etc.
Those games do have players who tend to dress inappropriately and act dirty or Online Date (also called ODing or OD'ers), and some other times players are just "role-playing" and are just pretending to be a baby or a adult and pretending to have a family.
Also, if you have a sensitive child, you're going to have to watch out for what games your child plays, as some games do have bullies, not many but some.
Often, bullies will make fun of your child for being "poor" since they don't have ROBUX.
Bullies also try to swear but the word gets filtered but they try to get around the censors.
Bullies will make fun of your child by calling them a "noob" (new player but often used as an insult for terrible players) or autistic just to be mean or because they didn't get their way.
Mostly, the High School, Adopt and Raise a Baby, and Shooting type games will have the most inappropriate things and bullies.
If you're worried about violence, just don't have your child play Prison related games like "Prison Life" and "Jailbreak" or Shooting games like "Phantom Forces" (a call of duty type game).
Violence often depends on the specific game your child is playing.
Police Officers are supposed to catch the Criminals and bring them back to jail.
Also, you shouldn't have to worry about a "naked" player.
If your child is being bullied, you need to have them (or you can do it yourself) report the bully.
But, if your child false reports something (like reporting because he/she didnt have his/her way or losed to another player and got angry) will get them banned.
But, alot of games don't allow gears so its best to not buy alot of gears.
But, there are scammers that are clever and sneaky.
Those are websites that will either steal your child's account or give you a Virus.
A new recent scam is friend requests from, "ClickMe_(random numbers and letters)", "DontClickMe_(random numbers and letters)", "MinionsProfile_(random numbers and letters), etc.
Always tell your child to NEVER, EVER, give their location, name, or age, because it is dangerous and something bad could happen.
It's best to not let kids under 10 play Roblox, since they're still new to the Internet and the dangers of the Internet.
I am just a teen, but even I can see that this site is poorly moderated and the content is inappropriate.
This game allows children 5+ to play violent games like Murder Mystery, where you have to throw knives, shoot and find out who is murdering everyone.
This game is also a target point for child predators.
The chat is barely moderated and I have many friends who have been scammed and threatened by the children and/or predators on this site.
Its community has been a jerk to me.
I quit this game forever.
There is some violence but I think a 7 year old can handle it properly.
Yes, a lot of the popular games have violence, but im sure your kid already knows all of the violent stuff in these games, and if you dont want your kid playing these games, there is a plethora of games that aren't violent AT ALL.
A lot of the reviews which say like 13+ or something like that took a quick look at ROBLOX, then developed an opinion based off of things that happened 5 years ago ( bad chat filtering, and a few bad games that managed to poke through moderators and get to the front page).
I would say that the major flaw this game has is consumerism.
A lot of the "cool" looking items in ROBLOX cost a lot of ROBUX, which you can only get by buying them or buying one of three types of Builders Club that costs money.
I've seen many reviews on this site complaining that the games are not for children  at all due to the players,  and honestly,  that's the only problem with ROBLOX.
The games are made by the community,  and most of those games are absolutely fantastic,  but it cannot be avoided that there will be several disgusting people that want to ruin the entire game.
I've also went through several exploits while playing the game and most of them have included sexual images,  but as long as your child does not encounter any of these then they're fine.
And violent games should also be considered.
Although the censorship (Roblox uses a broken filter called "Community Sift") can be easily bypassed and there are lots of scammers, exploiters, cheaters, hackers, rule-breakers, etc.
This game does have cartoon violence.It's good for a teen game, but kids can get their account hacked easily if they don't fall for these scams.
All forums in Roblox are moderated in Roblox, but "Suggestions & Ideas" has lousy moderation in my opinion, and hardly any mods check that sub-forum.
The forums DO get spammed or off topic sometimes.
Maps can be violent including guns and other weapons.
Their is a player chat which can be dangerous.
Parents complain about it being "sexual" & "violent", they say that the game is poorly moderated.
It's not, parents insult roblox with these sayings.
ROBLOX, of course has flaws, some people find ways to have certain 18+ scenarios.
But ROBLOX gets to it quick, they ban the creator.
By tagging system yes it is a little overrated.
Violence, well this game warns you of violence.
Check the ROBLOX app it says 12+ for violence, guns, knifes.
So yeah, violence is Implied with it.
Yes, people are bullied but I happens everywhere in every game.
If you don't want your child annoyed or harassed just don't put them on the game.
If you don't moderate your child's game, that's terrible parenting then.
So instead of insulting a child's game I think you should take care of it for yourself.
My 14 year old and my 4 year old play this and i sit there watching them and the game is harmless they play and all they do when someone dies is they fall into 5 or 6 pieces on the ground, HARMLESS!!!!!!
STOP BEING MEAN
I seen reviews of ''hacking'', ''porn'', etc.
If your child seen porn in game, that server was probably exploited.
Always join a game that it's hard to exploit.
If it's not exploits, some trolls were probably trying to make it seen like your child was watching porn by having two people be naked (Actually, Roblox doesn't allow people to be naked anymore in this new update.
There could be exploits that can let you swear but Roblox always patches exploits.
That'll be called a stalker.
There shouldn't be a problem with stalking, online dating, cyberbullying, or anything that involves with messaging.
On the other hand, you still might have problems with exploiters, trolls, or anything that doesn't involve messaging.
No normal player wants to deal with restrictions such as the default clothing when you make your character naked, they like using body colors such as the famous classic noob body colors.
Or the safechat that always censors things that doesn't need to be censored such as single letters or numbers that doesn't look like phone numbers, home address, etc.
It's hard to have fun with restrictions going on.
okay so first off, everyone that plays this game is like 2 years old.
If you make one grammar mistake the whole server will correct you just to piss you off.
Although, the games are very fun and great, the community Is complete CANCER.
Everyone plays games unfairly and then calls you a noob (even though you started playing Roblox before they were even born).
And if you call someone else a noob, the immediately respond with "you don't even know what a noob is.".
Everyone that plays this game is completely retarded and thinks that they are the best person in the world.
They make sure that if you go on to play a game for fun, that you will have no fun.
HORRIBLE COMMUNITY.
everyone talking is under that age of 8 (your supposed to be 13 to chat) and talk about how great they are and how everyone else sucks.
If you say any insult (Ex: calling someone a pickle) they the whole entire server will rage quit one you (even the people not involved)
And after calling someone a pickle, then a bunch of people complain and say "I'm going to report you".
Then I say something like "reports don't do anything, they are there so the parents don't sue them."
they immediately complain saying that "reports do stuff" and brag on about how they  know so much about Roblox and that I should learn more about roblox.
Then the first time you play a game that is not completely unfair, and you win, THE WHOLE SERVER CALLS YOU A HACKER.
Also every single message you get are scammers trying to hack your account and roblox does nothing about it.
Also at least 10% of players hack the games to give them advantages.
Do not play game for more than 10 minutes or you will get cancer and brain infection from how dumb the players are.
THE GAME ISN'T BAD, ITS THE COMMUNITY.
(ALSO THERE IS A LOT OF HORNY 10 YEAR OLDS LOOKING FOR GIRL FRIENDS AND 20 YEAR OLDS THAT THINK THEY ARE COOL, AND SWEAR
People can just put a word in the middle of a word that shouldn't be used in the website.
The filter isn't all that good.
Because of this...
There are violent games that are usually on the front page.
I do not think there is any way you can filter them from being there, or a setting that doesn't allow you to go on places like that.
If they do, call it child friendly and say it that much, then they should monitor what creators make better.
A lot of users on Roblox cyberbully others for not having  enough of the game currency, Robux, to buy clothes.
Ever since the other currency,  Tix, was removed, other users have never been able to get a larger variety with clothes without using real life money.
To be honest, removing Tix was a bad idea.
That's kinda not fair..
However.. pretend dating is not allowed!
Don't believe them even if they promise you something really cool.
If somebody asks you for password, report them by clicking Report Abuse.
It isn't really child friendly.
You can easily get cyberbullied there, so I wouldn't recommend  kids under 13 to go on forums.
The forums are another reason I added - swearing -.
There is this thing called exploits and people can manage to Say Swear words in roblox Because of Chat filter bypasses 

There is also Pornography in the game showing Man and women's full Private parts and totally nude and Porn games show people Cumming and everything 

You can bypass the filter and say words like F**K AND C**T AND SH*T And More.. Also people being racist and sexist

I couldn't believe the extreme content especially for my sister playing very disturbing and also using exploits to rape other
However, ROBLOX doesn't allow online dating, then how come they never ban the Online daters?
Such hypocrisy.
I have seen plenty of news articles claiming that this game has "hacked my child and shown sexual depicting images" and in all honestly most of these seem false.
The roblox moderation system is not a good one but not in the way you expect, For the players its a annoyance but if your child is under twelve or doesn't want to hear bad things then he'll be alright as long as he places in his correct age date, Many of the articles I've seen claiming of predators luring children usually are on the parents or child fault, (just to point out most of these people are just thirsty thirteen year olds) If your kid is under twelve then most conversations will look like this "hey
The company that runs the game is well greedy and barely listens to the community, They've often made the game more pay to win, Originally there were two currencies robux and tix, Tix was given for free on a daily basis which would allow members who did not have membership to buy shirts, Aswell tix was one of the main ways for developers who did not have membership to make money as before when a player visits your game you were given tix which could be converted into robux, However tix was now removed and n
Because anybody can make a game, clothing and other such stuff that means stuff is going to get through the moderation system, And the game does often sponsor quite violent games which you do not have a option to prohibit your child from playing (Example: Gladiator game where you can fight to the death, You might think that since its blocky that's nothing but the game did contain major gore and blood along with real life people screaming, Game was on the frontpage)

That's basically it, If your child is six
But the Roblox customer service is absolutely terrible.
If you do the "report abuse" into the game for a player, NOTHING AT ALL HAPPENS.
The person makes 5 fake accounts and 1 of his accounts is used to be rude to everyone in a game.
He does this and waits 48 hours.
To no suprise, the account that was reported had no warning, bans, or suspensions.
This proves that Roblox doesn't read the "report abuse".
Another thing, if you email Roblox about a problem with your game or something, it can get pretty annoying.. Roblox tends to treat you as they're always right.
Where it's "you probably did something wrong then.".
They never once helped me with any of my problems.
They have a page for problems, which is honestly extremely confusing, half of the time  they send you that and make you find it when there are 10000 problems listed with a search bar that doesn't work right.
Why can't they stop being lazy and just tell you what to do!
Roblox is a fun game but sometimes people make bad content or say swear words and the moderators don't catch it quick enough.
Its a good and great app to play with friends and family but here's one thing, it doesn't work on chrome OS or chromebook ROBLOX creators can u fix this please then ill rate 5 star
There is only one slightly concerning thing that families should know.
Because it is, they say "too much swearing!!!"
Pretty much most words are censored, including swear words, and those who manage to bypass it get banned.
Some reviewers I want to pick out are here
tgreatblueberry

It's not safe for kids 12 and under?
This game is suitable for people of the age of 7+ and up, and if your kid found things that they weren't meant to find then it's YOUR FAULT.
You should teach your kid not to look for pornographic content, or anything else they shouldn't be looking at, you can't blame the company for something that slips through the cracks and then gets sucked back in.
Although there IS one problem with Roblox, your child might get "bullied" for not looking cool on the game, now don't fret, it's most likely just a kid on the other end who thinks they are better than you because they spent money on a game, when they're not, if you want you can spend $5 to get your kid some robux to buy some nice clothes, or they can stay with the default looks, but don't complain to Roblox or this website when your kid gets "Bullied" because one person said your kid doesn't look cool.
I have played ROBLOX from when I was 8 to 13, it was a horrifying experience.
Some people say that some video games help hand-to-eye coordination, this one drains it right up.
I would constantly get headaches, eye strains, and eventually withdraw of the game when I wasn't allowed to play.
I HIGHLY recommend that parents steer their children away from this game, let them play Minecraft instead.
Just watch out for those pedos or people who are "dating" in game.
However, because it as an online game, make sure your child isn't lured into servers filled with people, who have bad intentions in mind for kids....
There are also preteens pretending to be dating, so watch out for those weirdos.
I think that people bully other kids for not having robux (Currency in roblox), which is why you should at least get them 80 robux (0.99) so they can at least change their clothes.
Roblox was a good game to script, easy to make friends and fun to play, but the community is crappy, ODers every where, someone harass you for not having builder club.
Most peoples say the moderation is bad, but you need some sort of proof.
Can be violent sometimes.
Something that always mistaken
- ODers are not pedophiles!
They are just a kid who online date.
- ROBLOX are platform, not a game!
Overall : The game is fun, but the community is crappy, it's still good when 2006-2014...
This game is pretty good but I have experienced a lot of bullying and a lot of scamming!
I don't know what kind of crap these parents/teens are listening to but there is nothing wrong with roblox I feel like parents are depending on this website/ app but this website /app can be crap most of the time so don't follow this website/app so much so that you're  addicted to this website and you can't stop going on this website/app.
Also this game is for 8+ not 18+ (I wonder where people got that crap from)
And I've read the reviews and some of them just made me flabbergasted.
Now you may be saying stuff like pornagraphic images and blood and violence, but here's the thing you need to know.
A very messed up place.
If you don't want your child exposed to this, then just kick them off the internet entirely.
Everything will be hacked in one point of time.
In my time of playing, I have never seen a hacker that did stuff like that.
For example, when I joined a game with a hacker, they did something rather so hilarious I didn't want to report him.
But they were party poopers, so who cares?
I won't let a few sour apples to ruin the bunch.
But if you do come across a nasty hacker,  all you have to do is report and leave.
Roblox, for one, is NOT adware.
Gone forever never to return.
But it doesn't stop player made ads so that's a concern.
Your child scrolled WAY to far through the popular section.
It'll only lead you to more games that are even worse than the ones on the front.
Some games you should stay away from are Roleplaying and Building games.
It isn't as gory or bloody as it may seem.
Near death your screen will just turn red.
And the blood isn't really blood.
Like I said, the internet is messed up.
So when you see your child on a pornographic place, don't get mad at the game,  get mad at yoirself for not teaching your child internet safety.
Some kids can be messed up pretty bad in the head.
So something must've planted the seed in their head.
TV is often the culprit.
That's how moat people in my school got a corrupted mind.
There are a lot of scammers and pedophiles within the game, but there is a simple solution.
For example, let's say a guy name "RandomName" is harrasing me.
As they will report you for a false report.
It's a stupid move.
I hate it.
We all know roblox player community are little childish and immature, that is easily fixed!
If you think your child shouldn't be influenced by the foul language, you can change the privacy settings of your childs account by making no one able to chat with your child in game, neither app.
You can always go around the bad things!
My parents recently just banned Roblox because of the "bad stuff" on it.
It can cost a lot of money, personally I don't know how much because I have been banned from Roblox and I can't play it and I forgot the prices.
My mom found a post one FaceBook on these creepy people on Roblox, to be honest I have never met a "creepy person" on Roblox in my playing time.
My mom played as a guest to see how bad it was, and 80% of Roblox users would bully guests, I'm not sure why.
But my mom said it was bad so I can't play it anymore and I started to to play Minecraft and Moviestarplanet.
First off if u see things like online date and other innapropiate things just ignore them!im playing roblox for over 1 year and anything related below i have NEVER EVER seen so stop lying and let the game alone
But there are many cons in the game.
Some games allow cursing as moderators try replacing bad words or personal info with hashtags (#).
but kids can figure out the words so overall not that positive in messages although there are some nice players... Also the players can ask to be boyfriends and girlfriends by simply saying boyf and girlf and it can turn really personal with conversations which moderators are trying to avoid.
The game itself can cause problems.
I totally deleted the game from our devices.
i feel like ROBLOX could do a better job moderating the games.
Kids, who don't understand anything game development will try to use it (they probably can't).
This is the reason this game isin't very safe for anyone under the age i put (or atleast what age i think of).
They'll curse at you, troll you, try to make the game generally unfun, and the (probably) main problem is when some teen/adult starts talking about explicit material.
And most of this game is for kids too, so it's not exactly good to have your kid see material like that.
Now, to be fair, the game itself doesn't get a rating, because there is literally no game, unless the community makes something out of it.
The community rating, however, is just too toxic for me, or any kid under my age to play.
Going off of phantom forces, perhaps the reason it's so popular, is because there is no chance, no point, and no place you could really make a bad scenario.
And don't even get me started on how much useless cosmetics cost in this game.
I honestly wouldn't suggest your child playing this if he/she is addictive and if they become desperate for Robux (in-game currency).
Also, there are a lot of YouTubers out there that prove the games immaturity by them raising their voices and acting all exaggerated.
What is appalling is how they try to convince the younger audience to hack their game in order to "fit in for free".
This is just one of the flaws Roblox has to experience with it being more of a "freemium game" then free.
The game "ROBLOX" is very fun but the thing i don't like about this game is there is a lot of scammers and hackers and bullies.
seems like roblox doesn't care because my brother got his account stolen by some mexican dude scamming him from robux.
the scammer said, trust me bro, i'll just give you the robux, my bro didn't trust him until the scammer talked to him with respect.
man he was in tears when he found out his account was stolen.
then roblox sent me links which wasn't helpful at off.
add a phone number roblox so it will be easier to communicate to you roblox as far as billing, account,emails,passwords.also i play roblox and i don't like the game right now cause of hackers, sexual people, scammers, and trollers.
it is very annoying and i think you should fix your service and step up more on your security.
also once when my bro was trying to buy robux, he got robbed by them when he paid 10 bucks but didn't get his robux.
It's like they will reply for money, but they won't really help you that much as far as helping you with your accounts, billing....all they want is your money(even though the app its self is free).
Roblox......I am not going to give you a 5 star rating right now unless you step up your service and helping those people that are getting cyber bullied.
im very dissappointed and i recremmond letting your child play for only an hour or so instead of the whole intire day.
FIX THIS ROBLOX
A horrible rip off of Minecraft.
Some games have violence, like a game called Murder Mystery.
There is swearing.
You can not use symbols in your password.
Unkind people; cyberbullies.
Well without that safe password you will be hacked!
The chat filter is blocking almost any word you know!
Low quality, wastes your battery, and not safe and secure.
Well once I was playing a game on here and had to report three (3) rude people.
Roblox is a pay-to-win game.
A problem with this is that you have to pay money actually sell these things, which makes no sense.
The game itself is very ugly and glitchy.
Another problem is that since you have to pay to win, many hackers try to hack the game.
Another problem is that accounts don't require emails and cannot be deleted.
Another problem is it's content.
Also violence is common, although no blood is in the game.
The Roblox company itself is a very bad company that puts money first instead of its players.
What parents should do is block the game entirely.
It is an entire scam that acts like it's not.
Parents should instead teach their kids an instrument or buy them nerf guns, anything but this.
But there are so many games with violent content and titles.
People find ways to get past the chat filter system and say curse words.
There are tons of online daters and generally immature people.
There are lots of horny 12 year olds saying "has s3x" or "smokes w33d" but that was the past update.
I find that a bad update because people could say "I'm in the top 3 teams!"
But the chat filter is not good enough, and scammers run about!
This leaves lots of opportunities for kids to fall into scams or get themselves injured in real life.
Also, I made this account because ROBLOX Studio is a piece of crap that doesn't work with game creators like it should.
Just play the popular games to stay out of bad content.
Well, other families who write bad reviews should seriously think twice about writing bad reviews.
Moderators are way too busy dealing with actual problems in ROBLOX to care about minor things that the owner can take care of.
If you don't like ROBLOX, play something else and don't blame Mods for your lack of care for people like Merely and other mods.
It's very disrespectful, especially to Erik Cassel.
If your kid plays a violent game, just tell them to stop or ground them or something, don't blame creators.
All parents need to do is be a better influence to their children before blaming ROBLOX.
Stop the madness cmon now im 17 and never had an issue with the game stop trying to sell your virginity to strangers online and you should be good
I joined roblox 5 years agoand i think its good but the community is horrible.
kids on there are so mean and rude they cuss scream whine and ruin the game for other kids and i know that teens and adults are the ones getting the blame but in reality its the children and the parents fault because teens and adults are the ones who make and run the games on there if they didn't play roblox it wouldn't be as fun so don't blame the teens or adults for it blame the parents for being less responsible the parents are suppose to run the account so it will be safe and just because its a kids gam
You can report people if you see anything bad happening, but they cant say how old they are,name or swear words because it will become hashtags.
Also if you spell something wrong it will also become hashtag but i some games you can see it.
We all know by now that some people don't like ROBLOX based on some of its news reports about people being pedophiles on the game.
That doesn't mean we all have to believe in that,  there are internet trolls out there in the universe that can be doing that and we sit here thinking that some semi-big news site says that its bad.
I played it for almost a year and I don't get anything like satisfying or hating it.
I agree that it has a  lot of online daters, scammers and hackers, but for the online daters, there's no age 20+ players, because they are adults!
They don't play games for children, because they are too old to play that.
ODers are KIDS who just want to turn into an adult.
Some stupid players.
By the way, the "noob" isn't a bad/cussing word.
And why do they make the "Report Abuse" button?
For reporting the bad things.
And it teaches me a lesson: Report anything that is bad.
I disagree with most of the parents in this review section.
Yes, most of the games are very inappropriate, but that doesn't mean all of them are!
Just because most of the Role-playing games are inappropriate, doesn't mean all of them are!
Yes, there are hackers in the game and might change wallpaper in the game into very bad things, but that doesn't ruin the game!
If you ever see that kind of stuff on your child's game, just tell them to play a different game or join a different server.
Yes, some people swear and get away with it by saying it like t h i s or saying each letter in each message, but that doesn't ruin the whole game!
Yes, Role-Playing games may have people that do adult things, but if that happens, just tell your child to never go on that game again, or just go on a different server of that game!
Yes, most games have intense violence and such, but you could fix that by just not letting your child play that game every again!
Yes, bullying happens in most games, but you could turn off the chat for games easily by going to settings and such!
Yes, most users pretend to be kids and sometimes ask your child their age and home address, but you could make sure you tell your child to ignore them!
Just because you see something bad in a game, doesn't make the whole game really bad and inappropriate!
This is a bad thing to say but, if you don't let your child play ROBLOX because you saw one of the things above, you care about your child TOO MUCH.
I mean, REALLY TOO MUCH.
CONS:
Some people can be mean.
Perhaps way too addicted.
When my parents told me to get off roblox, I would ignore them or sometimes even start raging.
But recently, my view on roblox changed from a great social and interactive game to a dark and unsafe one.
Almost as usual, I ignored her.
But she was having none of it.
But then, she looked at my screen and saw me shooting a police man near a bank.
She looked like she was going to cry.
I was going to ask her what was wrong, but then I knew.
In her mind, she was probably thinking: "Oh why, just why, have I raised a child like this.
A child who's future is to rob banks and kill people.
I wanted to cry too.
All of my friends were prisoners, so I decided to be one too.
That was decision I would regret for quite a while.
Not a very safe one, as this is supposed to be a game designed for teens.
It does censor bad words, but people can still offend other players by, for example, calling them a noob.
One day, there was a player who could "hack," by killing everyone on the server at once.
The next morning, my roblox page was a message saying that I was banned for swearing.
I do occasionally use light profanity such a h**l or d**n, but to the point where I would get banned?
I was pretty sure there was some hacking going on, and I might just know why.
Another horrible decision.
I would sometimes throw my mouse if I got frustrated.
Now, roblox is blocked.
My friends in school make fun of me for having overprotective parents.
I may never be the same sweet and loving kid I once was.
Depending on your computer, this game might not be worth.
It's good, but containing games such as "Murder Mystery 2" and "Jailbreak", it is not for some kids.
Don't bother for children who get raged easily.
And yes, lag is frequent.
Safe chat is also ruined by innuendo and the ability to spell words wrong.
They put a new filter on it so most swear words don't make it through.
On certain games there are VERY inappropriate people.
TL;DR : Too much moderation, Removed the F2P currency.
so the violence isnt that bad.
the others are bombs, slingshots, superballs etc.
there are no really inapropriate games because they get banned fast.
There are violent games, like swordfighting, but ROBLOX does not show blood.
there is little bit of violence.And all the people who rate this bad I dont agree.
ROBLOX is a great game, but players just aren't.
They act inappropriately, especially in like, "Have a family and adopt kids," or "Raise a family and adopt kids.." these people who create those games probably aren't even 13.
I recommend games with not many animations, animations could be bad for people who have dirty minds, and look like people are well.. yeah..
Clubs are my least favorited games in roblox, first of all, some dances you have to pay, second of all, some animations are like... wrong.
People may say dirty things on there, but most likely not.
But now people are roleplaying as most of them are clickbait game titles.
Now there's people that are online dating with ruined the whole community, while some people are recording it.
And if your try to make a game that would be good back in 2008 or 2011 then people would constantly hate on your games and yourself.
I started to hate it in 2016, when a stranger just asked me for my password, but being the smart person I am I denied it..
Now there are things that i dislike about this game... 3 stars.
If you are worried about your 10 year old child being exposed to some idiot that wants to sext your child, think again.
This guy kept mocking us because we're not in the "Builder's Club" which costs about $100 for one person.
They kept swearing at us and calling us "poor @$$ noobs".
Not just fine.
I reported the person that made it.
Then, my account gets banned for a week!
They said that I "violated the rules and agreements when I created my account".
I think that there is to much violence and to many wepons.
Inappropriate/sexual games may pop out at least once every two months.
You may find in-game exploiters but not hackers which would take your account.
That is FAKE and leads to a virus.
Rude players may appear.
You can report them but might not work at all.
-Military Groups are groups your child probably shouldn't join.
THEY ARE NOT LITERAL MILITARY.
", I find a lot of dirty-minded people there.
There has recently been a lot of online dating activity going on in the game, and that frusturates me.
There is also a lot of account scamming.
this game are going to pay to win,such a pay to win game,all people keep bad roleplay,with power,meta gaming,etc,,it too uncomfortable if the police keep arresting criminal and bully them then it too uncomfortable,the price are too overpriced,people keep swearing all and over again,this game just for teenager,not for kid because it too dangerous,the game are too violent for child and fullfill of o'der
Roblox does a great job at trying to avoid cussing and stuff but they can't control it all.
Some people do decided to walk a around naked but it is rare and shows nothing inappropriate (just skin) Roblox also has many scammers and swearing in certain games.
What I would recommend to avoid this though is to monitor which games your kid is playing because what I have realized is that the majority of the people who swear or whatever tend to be in games made for developers or group owners or tradesr or e.c.t.
Btw it Roblox is very anti extreme violence (they do allow pvp though) and blood can be hard to make so it is rarely seen.
Roblox  seems like a good game well it isn't on this game if u role play people say like 123 for a boy 123 for a girl to get someone to date them or now that u can't say numbers people say ABC.There is another problem people like to swear mistreat people sometimes like saying "your a noob lol" or they will say a bad word which it will hashtag out.The dating part well people like to kiss and have s3x and things like that which sometimes some of word like s3x or kiss won't come up because of hashtags but if y
Obviously, the f-bomb and s-words (yes, both of them) are blocked, as is the word kiss.
But others, such as the word *cough* that refers to a place opposite of Heaven *cough* is allowed, as is the d-word.
Other than that, some of the terms that aren't meant to be used in an inappropriate way can be censored, such as asking a friend or foe of their location.
And certain Meep City private rooms have been home of some sketchy activity lately.
Do not worry about the website not being safe because it pretty much is.
However, the chat box is unlimited so you can say pretty much anything you want which is a bit dangerous and people can sometimes bully each other and can say mean things .
Some games are a bit i guess inappropriate so I recommend being careful on the games you choose to play.
It's definitely got some fun games, however the community isn't that great, nor the moderation/chat filtering.
I've even seen sexual games get on the front "games" page, however it got deleted by moderators pretty quickly once they noticed.
And contrary to all of the bad articles going around, while the community is pretty bad, not once of all my 4 years on the site has someone invited me to their house and done "sexual movements".
Buying robux is pushed, users swear despite the rules and filter, and there's some violent shooters, etc, but nothing a more mature kid couldn't handle.
The only problem that I have with it is that basically everything costs "ROBUX", which one has to purchase with real cash.
In most cases, when it is mass reported, the offensive place (and the player that created it) is banned in short order.
roblox is absolutly the worst game ever a kid was just bulling me  and all roblox does is ban my account
However, some of the players want to make stuff that isn't so clean.
I'd like to say what's wrong with it.
First off, games can get very gory and violent.
It shouldn't be hard to guess this is inappropriate.
Even if you say something like
"w"
*new post*
"o"
*new post*
"r"
*new post*
"d"
Roblox can censor it!
The most common places for loopholes are modern role play games, like high schools, cities and cruise ships.
The game maker is WAAAAYYY too complicated.
Of course, most Roblox games still have minor violence, but it's more like taking apart a Lego minifigure than anything.
Roblox is enjoyable when it comes to playing.I don't like how there is a limit of friends.
Robux cost real money.Sadly , Roblox took away another thing called tickets.That you just earn for playing.But I guess Roblox went down in equity, so they took away tickets and made things cost more robux,For example, They made a face that cost like 5,030  robux.
So its unfair for the kids and teens whos parents don't wanna waste their money for them to get more stuff in the game.There is also this thing call Builders Club.
But there is also stuff for free.You can also favorite ,thumbs up, and thumbs down a game.Some people call the newest members "noobs" which is rude.
Also no grammar whatsoever I know
Nowadays, it's all about wasting your money for respect, people being gay to each other, moderators and admins doing a poor, lazy job and the community taking everything too seriously.
It's sad seeing my childhood game turn into a ruined junkyard.
A classic game ruined by immature and triggered kids.
Personally, I've been playing roblox ever since June 2012, but it has gone pretty downhill over the years.
The community has gotten worse, they've made horrible updates, etc.
I wouldn't really  reccommend (I know,I spelled that wrong) this game too much.
You also have to pay to get robux to get cool things off of the catalog, and that really angers me, because there used to be this thing called tix.
But roblox decided that it wasn't good enough apparently (idk why) and removed it.
TL;DR:  don't play this game, it sucks too much now
When you play it you come across many undeveloped, horrible, worthless games.
There is also hackers that hack almost every game.
The Hashtag moderation is horrible.
First to start of with the bad ones.
I think Roblox has literally the worst working against hacking.
They do NOTHING (almost), about making the game hack safe, as that's for some reason not a priority.
This means that just by a few searches on youtube, you will get guides how to input inappropriate hacks to all roblox games.
This is quite serious, and i think roblox knows that but doesn't want to fight against it.
This IS truely a bad thing.
There was one bad case of it tho.
I think it was in 2015 where some hacker, managed to get a VERY inappropriate hacks implomented into a server, on a top 3 game at that time.
I think it's very false tho, that people say there are many
pedophiles in roblox.
So that's so busted.
Here's actually a funny bad thing about the game.
Roblox has also done a very hard work on moderating messages and chats in-game now, that it's even become annoying.
Since it's an MMORPG, it's inevitable that there would be some trolls and predators lurking.
The first time I played, I saw two players online-dating and using sexual roleplay, which, of course, is not okay.
The moderators don't really care about abuse reports and the bad words said by players is only censored by hashtags, and usually words that aren't even inappropriate are censored too.
My brother has picked up on insults such as "noob" and often doesn't even know what he's typing back to the players.
As for the violence: sometimes, if the player wanders into out-of-game space the player will explode and its body parts will fly everywhere with visible blood, accompanied by an "oof".
If the player wields a weapon, it can slice the other players and the body parts will fall off, accompanied by blood.
Sex on roblox its a tragedy I thought roblox was a really good game but what I saw changed me.
I have only seen soccer mom reviews saying things like "MY SON/DAUGHTER GOT A VIRUS WHEN SHE TRIED TO DOWNLOAD ROBLOX!!!"
Answer: How about you don't let an 8 year old try to download something without supervision.
And for the main event......

"MY CHILD JOINED A GAME CALLED "APOCALYPSE RISING, AND ALL HE/SHE SAW WAS A DEATH ANNOUNCEMENT IN RED, AND HE/SHE BEING KILLED!!!
BEWARE PARENTS, NEVER PLAY ROBLOX!!"
I swear to god, just stop.
Jeez.
But there are no like many pedophile roaming on Roblox.
The rumor is not true.
-I advise you to not let your kids play game like Life in Paradise or Adopt and Raise a Cute Baby.
There are so many online daters, exploiter, and (maybe), pedophile.
There is blood and lots of consumerism you can buy things called "robux" there are rumors about someone called "John doe" people say he will hack you wich will freak out the youngest of children and Roblox is really violent depending on which game you play
The worst part is the community.
I am going to be honest, reporting doesn't work.
Roblox would obviously ban people with inappropriate usernames or games but it would usually take them about a week or even a month to ban or even give a warning to someone who is bullying someone in-game.
The staff of Roblox are horrible.
They create horrible games, events and mostly items that people don't even like.
They basically never even talk to the community and just do what the company wants to do without even notifying players.
They removed Tix because you need to pay money to get Robux and you got 10 Tix a day (Would take months to actually buy something though) so basically you have to buy in-game money.
The community is probably 60% bad but maybe thats just me.
DO NOT play Roblox Highschool, MeepCity, any tycoon game, City Life or any game where it has a bad quality thumbnail.
Those games are usually full of inappropriate people such as, people getting into online relationships, people bullying/harassing others and even people attempting to have sex.
I know I have been talking a lot about the bad side of Roblox and really no 'good side' but thats the point.
Roblox can be a really terrible game to play sometimes but for me 49% of the time its very fun and addictive.
Overall: Avoid 'highschool, city, town' games, 60% horrible community, addictive
Roblox's community killed itself.
But now, terrible Youtubers (Denis, Subzero, Alex, others), play Roblox.
The community is terrible.
Roblox has fallen from grace.
Unfortunately, these games listed are violent.
Murder Mystery 2, pretty much 'Murder In The Dark,' except Murder Mystery 2 can give you heart attacks (over exaggeration, but sometimes the game scares me when I die; as the screen turns black while a loud stabbing noise is heard), Phantom Forces, too many teens playing, with too much saltiness (people who get angry easily), and blood, and many guns.
Players are also bullied due to looking like 'noobs.'
WRONG.
Most players with Robux will buy mostly the same thing- an overused hat, hair, shirt and pants, ALL too overused.
This game should only be played by kids 10 and up, and make sure you supervise them time from time to watch what they're playing.
Game may contain some violence, but nothing too gruesome (Murder Mystery 2)
3- Game may have some controversial issues, such as doing bad things, but is moderately tame (Notoriety)
4- Game has much violence, and has blood in it; inappropriate things may be referenced.
(Phantom Forces)
5- Game is either pornography, or EXCESSIVE in violence.
Everyone says ROBLOX is not safe.
Parents are concerned for NO REAL REASON.
They say "Oh my kid should not play this because I see a game called "Adopt and Raise A Cute Baby" I won't even play da da da da da".
And players calling players noob is just them having a bad time.
Every parent complaining is just a robot being controlled, too mature, just in a bad mood, or just assumes stuff.
ROBLOX does have violence, however that violence is limited to red puddles (to represent blood) and sometimes a red flash on the border of the screen.
ROBLOX is ridden with paedophiles however they are typically found on certain games.
ROBLOX does however have numerous scammers which, should parents choose to buy membership or 'ROBUX' may result in their accounts being stolen.
NEVER let some wan under age play.
But in 2013, there were a ton of games that featured inappropriate things that NO kid should see ever.
The community is full of people who want to date others, links that give viruses, games in ROBLOX that tell you to put your password in to get any amount of ROBUX you want which shuts the server down and signs you out and the games basically takes all of your stuff.
Violence isn't a bad thing but some feature a ton of blood which i wouldn't recommend for people under 12 or lower.
People bully others because they don't have a expensive hat that has no value in real life and tell them to die or other worse things that i think shouldn't be said in this review.
There is too much swearing that i was very surprised when i found out.
People would find out ways on how to get past the safe chat and use roleplay names to talk sexually to other people.
There is also a chance of a person looking for little girls or boys to date for their entertainment, which is downright disgusting too.
ROBLOX doesn't do anything about it and the reporting doesn't work for the heck of it.
This game could teach your kid very bad things before they're in their teens.
Consumerism is down right ridiculous.
$200 for 20,000 ROBUX which isn't even worth it and Builders Club which is also ridiculous but back then before 2013, you could get lifetime Builders Club which was in the price of $100-$350 which I found not worth it unless the person is a developer.
I don't find it worth it because someday, your kid could stop playing the game or get hacked which could ruin your kids day or possibly life.
Other players try find ways to chat in not so good ways, even though hastags (#) appear when an innapropriate word is directly said.
I, myself, wouldnt recommend to children under 11.
A few of the games have been violent or frightening, but parents, if you do let your child play, monitor.
ROBLOX Player is really good, but the Studio is just trash.
I try building, but whenever I delete a script, the studio crashes.
And there are other reports of this happening to other people.
3/5 Would only play games on it, don't bother trying ROBLOX Studio, just crashes each time.
Just to quell concerns about the site:
Many parents have claimed their children were sent "pornographic images" over the site.
However, this is impossible, there is no way to even send messages containing an image over this website.
The only form of "bullying" that ever goes on is other players calling you a "noob" which is slang for a newbie or some one new to Roblox itself or the specific age.
Roblox can be innapropriate.
There is bad things all around.
Mostly hacker but parents don't like it still.
DONT PLAY AS A GUEST.
Why do I need two step verification when I logged off for 5 minutes..
If someone says a bad word then it will blur it out.
There are some dangers.
its cool but some things like the moderation system or the filtering aren't perfect so be careful on chat rooms because they can be dangerous only listen to people who tell you to go to their house if you know them other than that good!
To  be honest,you SUCK roblox,REMOVE HASHTAGS,I SAID "Disband the party so I can make one" AND IT HASHTAGGED IT!
REMOVE HASHTAGS,IM SICK AND TIRED OF THIS STUPID CRAP,PEOPLE SCREAM AND GET MAD WHEN YOUR STUPID LAZY BUTT DOESN'T DO A GOOD JOB,ROBLOX,GET OFF YOUR LAZY BUTT,AND ACTUALLY DO SOMETHING,
Most people complain about like the messaging system.
Another thing, these parents be like I hate it 18+ When I haven't heard a story where the parent plays roblox...
Roblox is horrible and you shouldn't let your kids play it.
These exploits load scripts, and run then directly in the game.
This is bad, because it allows people to run anything, including graphic sexual imagery, drugs, violence, and in some cases leak IP Addresses.
That was an example of too much consumerism.
ROBLOX has good filtering, but they get too many false positives.
Also, the filtering gets bypassed too easily.
The games are mostly gore related.
I recommend that ages 12+ only play this game.
More and more do I see complaints and news articles about how unsafe ROBLOX is for kids, from pedophilia to verbal abuse.
The main reason why kids are falling into these unsafe traps are the parents.
Parents that don't do anything and don't moderate their child's online usage will suffer the consequences of how they will grow up as an adult and use the internet for the rest of their life.
I have checked it out and feel that everyone is exaggerating.
I have never seen any user chat anything more graphic then "damn".
I have never seen any pedos or inappropriate content.
The term noob is a basic insult that should be taken as lightly as possible.
It's like the word "dumb", meaningless and infantile.
My family thinks it's a virus, but I know it isn't.
I've seen many people accusing ROBLOX that there reporting system is broken, it doesn't work.
Ask the ROBLOX team, will they tell you that its broken?
People think because people don't get banned right away when they report them, they accuse them of the system being broken, and  when other people see that, they think that too and accuse them, but ask them, ask them how it's broken?
But, there's some bad things on ROBLOX too.
There's also people who HACK and EXPLOIT the game, and they could insert SEXUAL CONTENT never meant for kids.
I've seen it all before, People hacking the game, deleting things (although it's only for one server, but everyone on that server won't be able to play the game right), exploiting, killing people, putting sexual content, if you go on YouTube and search up "roblox s3x place" and set the filter to Today, you will get atleast 3 or 4 videos.
The moderation team is always there to ban it.
But there's concerns going around about safety and privacy, because apparently people are saying their locations.
But, if you ask me, that's the PARENT'S FAULT.
They blame it on ROBLOX just because they said it there, but isn't it really there fault that their child said their private information?
Shouldn't they be telling them "Don't do that!"
I'll bet you most parents don't even care about it until it actually happens and they freak out.
Remember how I said my family (or other people) think that ROBLOX is a virus?
If everyone knew it was a virus, why would there be thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, people on RIGHT NOW?
Why would they put it on every platform?
To get a sick laugh when people get viruses?
If you look below this, you'll see I selected "Too much swearing" or "Too much violence" and all that, but I'm not saying there's TOO much (thanks to the moderation team) but there is some that you should look out for.
And I will fail.
And I will, look like an idiot.
Roblox is not a good game at all for young kids.
Once Roblox practically broke my computer!
Although Roblox could be fun there is online dating and even worst things.Once I played this game called "battle of the sexes" I reported the game because it was very inappropriate.
A lot of inappropriate things happened in that game.
DON'T PLAY ROBLOX UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE
A noticable one has been the removal of the currency, "tickets".
When tickets were removed, there was a huge outrage, etc etc.
But the thing that everyone is very angry about is their filter.
The filter blocks good words and abbreviations such as "ik" (means "I know".)
Users over the age of 13 receive a blacklist filter, but it's still annoying to see "##### #### ### #" instead of actual words, and sometimes even the blacklist is too easily triggered.
Also, if you go back to the tickets problem, a lot of people would say that ROBLOX just removed tickets to get people to buy BC, or just straight buy robux.
Please be cautious as some comntent is not suitable.
The site, while it has a plethora of games, has been removing so much features and hoping we ignore it by giving something a shiny new look.
The community staff never comment on it despite players requesting for some sort of explanation for these sorts of things.
The staff have become lazy overtime, this is coming from someone who played this since 2010.
Where once they gladly gave a grade A effort in what they do they now do host events that are uninspired, keep the site bland compared to the years where they would keep it spiffy and even change it during the holidays.
It's a shame to see the site become what it is, sure the games are great!
by no means do I want to bash the young developers who pour their heart and soul into their creations, the staff on the other hand have just been the butt end of every joke.
Honestly, you people are getting this all wrong.
ROBLOX does not allow swearing nor sex in their user created games.
They try hard to find these games and delete them and the account who made the game.
They are a child friendly game and all the games who have "sex" in them and are popular games are most likely exploited or "hacked" by someone.
Some parents like to give it a hard time because of profanity, but over the years hashtags have been placed over many words that could be considered offensive, such as stupid.
I mean come on!
Minecraft doesn't bleap out swear words but you guys put all of the hate on Roblox.
My only complaint is that it can occasionally bleap out random words such as censorship and the letter x
This game just sucks, it's filled with 5 year olds who cant bother to even google an insult.
Here's the typical insult they throw out, Noob.
Not only that, the moderation is complete garbage, anyways, good luck.
ROBLOX is a game that was made a long time ago.
There is a lot of safety and privacy concerns as there are people that are paedophiles and they try to lure children.
There are also scams which take away people's accounts.
They removed TIX (It's like ROBUX but you get 10 daily and it was free).
The fact that they removed tix showed that they were becoming greedy and wanted more people to buy robux (in-game currency) and Builders Club (membership).
There is also quite a lot of violence which I am not really affected by as a teen, but for kids it can be quite awkward.
ROBLOX can drain your money when you buy membership and there are also lots of people that have the freedom to swear and curse in the same games as little innocent kids.
I don't think it's right and it shouldn't be fair for little kids to be experiencing harsh things in their childhood.
ROBLOX used to be a great game but it's now turned into trash.
The dating can also affect kids because some people can end up bullying and other things.
Also, the fact that random people can harass or bully little kids is just unfair, isn't it?
Before, ROBLOX used to have an age rating of 8-14 because it wasn't as bad as now.
Perhaps it still is 8-14, but for me, I think it is 10+ because of all the violence and other problems.
Other things that families out there should be concerned about is that they shouldn't spend too much money on ROBLOX because it can get risky and after a while, your child may even think that it was a lost cause because they themselves will soon realise how much of a rip-off it was.
If you are a kid, be careful of what you do if you play ROBLOX and ask your parents for anything that goes wrong because they end up badly if you don't.
The fact that the chat systems have changed is bad because of laws and regulations, the chat is filled with hashtags (#) because lots of silly words are being censored.
Just by typing a number in the chat can sometimes end up as hashtags, which is stupid.
If you all are reading this and you haven't got ROBLOX, please think carefully about what you do because it can lead badly if you don't think twice about downloading ROBLOX.
Some people have lost their toast when they find a chat message that is sexual,  swearing, and personal questions.
Just beware, some games are hacked and a friend got a virus playing once.
make sure they know not to accept friend request that they dont know and if somebody swears you can report an abuse and the games are fine including twisted murderer it doesnt look realistic thats why
I was playing a game when all of a sudden the wallpaper turned into some inappropriate stuff.
When I reported the hacker I left the game immediately and went to a social game to hang out.
Now the year is 2017 and the new owners of roblox deleted tix from the game and people started making these tix memorial worlds.
I rarely ever see someone saying wanna have sex or make babies.
or, "You shouldn't say that other kids are playing this game be the better example."
Been on roblox since 2011, it went downhill in 2016-17.
You can't search certain users' names, because they get tagged, the censoring is broken and disgusts me.
Devs at roblox don't care about the users or their opinions, they do what makes them happy and everything that draws in more money.
Greedy game developers.
They removed tickets, which was the only way people who did not want to spend money on the game could purchase items to customise their characters.
Don't play roblox, save yourself from the trouble.
Despite some children doing messed up things in some games.
but my main problem is honestly roblox updates.
the censoring is too much.
i understand you're trying to hide any cuss words but you dont need to censor "i, me, a, my" or any other words.
Play at your own risk :/
In some cases, you will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy, so be cautious.
The community isn't its greatest, and sometimes, things happen which are bad enough to be reported to the news.
Games can have, but not always, violence or horror.
You should not let your child play boys and girls hangout because there are older kids, bully's, and some pretend to have s3x by laying down and crying like sucking.
The only problem I have with ROBLOX is its community, which some players online date, To prevent this, turn on safe chat.
Also, those angry parent reviews - Don't listen to them.
Those are over- protective parents who do not prepare their kids for the real world.
Now however, it is filled with violence, exploitation, inappropriate content and extreme levels of consumerism.
little kids who will constantly get angry and threaten you with "i will ban u!'.
Grown adults cussing out the other players or making fun of them because they aren't "rich".
Even the Roblox corporation doesn't do its job correctly.
If you report someone and you actually have a reason to report them, NOTHING HAPPENS!
That, and you're practically forced to buy clothing and hats because of how much the other players will make fun of you for looking like a "noob" or "nub".
I play Roblox for 4 and a half months 2016-2017 and I played meepcity, work at the pizza place and... ok I'll stop and I saw people calling NOOBS and I didn't so Dad saw 
Roblox and he go to common sense media and he saw this game is not safe for kids
And I end up got banned for Roblox.
I'm not allowed to play Roblox until I'm an adult (18+ or 21+) so parents if your child is playing Roblox.
Please removed him because it's too much violence too much dating and too much swearing.
So please avoid this game try playing lego life (there New), club penguin, poptropica, or some other place your child can play.
I have had my account since 2012 and have not seen games like this at all, you will only find these if you go looking, and you would need to look quite hard!
Violence, If you think a block character made up of 6 different parts (15 with the new R15 look) falling apart is "violent" then let your kid play hello kitty games instead, and for games with blood in them, the blood doesnt look realistic and is normally blurry o pixelated decals that look more like jelly than blood.
I have had people ask for my password, But I have always just messed around with these people instead and ended up reporting them (This has only happened once out of 5 years of playing).
I saw a review where someone gave it 18+ age rating becuase you can buy stuff with money, they said that everything must be bought or something.
It only gives you new clothes and access to new games that arnt that great.
If you are really that worried about roblox, watch your kid play it, I know its an iffy game because of how mostly everything is run by the users but isnt that a good thing?
THis game is one of the most pathedic game outtheir.
I have played it and they delbritly attack the Roleplay communitie and scam you out of your money.
DO NOT play this game as it Not only is a completle SCAM But they Kill creativity!
I have played this ame for four year and the new update Scams people out of their money and does not allow for fun interaction with other players.
They try to be child friendly but these IDIOTS!
Dnt realize that  You cant protect everyone from the outside world.
Most of the new "Moderations" are not even needed to be modderated This game is worthless do not play this game for your life!
ITs not worth it.
Once again the Delibretly attack communities at random times for random reasons.
Foul words I would get... but many words are not bad words such as members of a group or HELLO 
You cannot talk to other players if you are under the age of 13 wich was great but apparently Now everyone is five years old and is no longer allowed to talk like a normal human being....
This is what I have to say to roblox
STOP Just STOP your Going to kill your game... 
ROBLOX SUCKS!!!
And I will Restate this They REMOVED creativity and attacked players creativities by shutting down roleplay games and filling up the talk scedual so badly that everything is is this #############################################################################################################################################################
It will look fammiler and It will be spammed once roblox is done "Protecting" everyone
First of all, ROBLOX isn't really a game.
For these games to contain images, the images MUST be reviewed before they can even be viewed in the game, meaning no bad content can pass.
The chat filter system, while overly strict and getting quite annoying, is very protective, and prevents almost, if not all bad language from reaching players under 13 years of age.
Players over that age can see slightly more, but still no words that are extremely bad.
A lot of it can be down to parenting, where parents are failing to teach children about internet safety, and therefore letting their kids do things which aren't exactly...
This game can have hackers in any game and online dating happens a lot I'm not sure if people give out private info off game because I always say no to people who ask, beside that there are many different types of maps on roblox, but some are inappropriate and are usually deleted by the roblox  company after a day.
Roblox  just recently had a new update you can't say any numbers its very cautious now so cautious I couldn't say the word cat or the name Ashley for a role play name or Sydney there are almost to cautious and I presume that pretty soon teens my age will stop playing this game due to how high cautious they are making this game but, all in all this game is great for kids around the age of 10 and up the game is very cautious about most things except hackers who sneak on certain servers of a game recently I ha
This can be a concern because there are possibilities of scammers and creeps on the chat.
This is a small concern since I have only come across one scammer in my 4 years playing Roblox, and no one creepy.
I only used this game for less than a year and I seen it all.
NOT good for kids that are depressed easily by CONSTANT bullying and trolling.
the amount of trolling is INSANE in this game.
every game you go on to, there is at least ONE troll/ bully in a game.
AND they hammer you for not having a builders pass/ robux.
they call your dad "poor" [personal experience] because we can't afford this.
Roblox's "safe chat" is RIDICULOUS.
It censors out a lot of things that I type that are not offensive and DOESN'T censor out the BAD STUFF!
AND poses a security threat.
like you can literally GIVE your address to someone who you don't even know.
*ugh.
and you have to pay for like EVERYTHING!
EVEN SIMPLY CHANGING YOUR NAME / PASSWORD cost 1000 ROBUX!!
[keep in mind that 400 robux cost 5 bucks] if I could sum this game up in ONE word, it would be DEPRESSING.
I would recommend Role Play games to children 12 and up, as little children may not be able to understand the content, and will not know to tell a parent if they see something that shouldn't be on the game.
Shooting games such as Phantom Forces can be very violent and show blood, not in a realistic way though.
There is not an option to remove chat, but it should be easy to avoid.
Anything that is not recognized will be put into hashtags.
IF the child is 13 or over then the words they can choose from have the opposite safety.
A Blacklist is a list of words that can't be said, this includes spaces to make sure people who don't follow the rules can't find ways into the chat.
It will ask if you want to report abuse from a  player or from the game.
However that will cost you 20,000,000 ROBUX in exchange.
Stay away from small games/groups with little players, these are often targets for trolls/exploiters.
Some players may try to scam you for ROBUX.
Don't risk your account just for a small benefit.
Roleplaying,sex,idiots,bullies,noob looks, Etc.
hello I am a what you could call "fellow ROBLOX player" and I must say first hand this game is not safe for kids.
It is true that most games on this website are violent such examples would be "Phanton Forces" which is basically the equivalent to call of duty.
The roleplaying games are bad too.
You have people that have children and go to clubs and you have what are called "ODers" (Online Daters" which are a real thing.
another thing I almost forgot is the moderation is not good.
people insult other people all the time, and for those parents that say it helps their kids to learn how to spell, I am afraid not because there are a lot of people in this game that do not know grammar very well.
I do not recommend this game to be shown to kids.
Don't look at the other reviews, they are very outdated.
I would recommend to not play any "Town Roleplay games", such as MeepCity, or ROBLOX High school, because they have a lot of online dating.
These games have guns, but there is little to no gore, unless you count fake looking blood "gore".
IF YOU WANT TO GET HACKED!!
In fact, a sexual predator once hacked a kids computer though this site.
Even if you DON'T get hacked or have a virus from this site, the "report player" dose not even work.
I once reported someone for putting the C-Word in the open chat, and MY account was almost shut off for trying TO report him.
This isn't the first time that has happened to someone.
It could be simple and friendly or complex and incredibly violent, sexual, profane, uses of drugs, or worse.
Very bad site.
Unless you know how to counter a virus or a hack, then you should stay away.
Too bad though, SOME games are actually pretty good.
This means that there are HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS of games, which, yes, some are scams and games with massive penises.
Now firstly, if you're complaining about bad moderation or people like forum trolls, firstly: welcome to the internet, and secondly with the mass amounts of user created content coming in each day it's almost impossible to moderate it all.
If you are someone complaining about people swearing, well, there's actually some really strict filters in ROBLOX.
Give the people a bad review not the game.
If you are playing a game which is hacked and has penises flying everywhere, this isn't their fault.
It is completely up to the developers to make their games secure, and if your child is playing a poorly created game then that's what they have to pay.
Lastly, I've noticed that lately there's been a lot of consumerism in roblox.
And this is completely true, I will have to admit it is a negative, although please keep in mind that they have to pay for servers and whatnot.
So in conclusion, I am giving this game a 4 star review for the reasons I've mentioned before, and the negatives below:

-I've been banned for no reason multiple times
-Sex games
-Consumerism
There are swearing even though there are "*" thingy
Because people can still put space in dirty words
2.
DO NOT USE YOUR MONEY FOR THIS GAME
I once used some money for buying tix but then after a while all my tix I bought is gone
3.
There are hackers
Some people just hack the game and win the game - no justice
4.
Not safe for gamers
There are chance to get a virus while playing a online game
And you doesn't even know 4/5 of the people
A lot of blood in these gun-shooting games
There are games with bars/pub where you can have sex or alcohol
Players made these games
Most of the games are a waste of time

Thanks for reading I hope this helped.
However, I really didn't see the point.
It's basically an MMORPG without the things that make an MMORPG  good, like character levels and upgrades.
So I got bored with it quickly.
And all she does is role play or do obstacle courses that result in her screaming in frustration, much to our dismay.
This has been a rant about an ok game, just not worth sitting down to play 6 hours or more.
this is a fun game for littler kids but as you get older it can get boring.
So heres the deal, Roblox has gotten alot more dangerous Since I joined.
This game is safe but can be prone to something called exploits, or mainly called hacking (It isnt really hacking but it can destroy the particular server, it wont affect the other servers for the game) exploits can allow users to display bad content for kids.
I would teach your kids to identify and report innapropreate material.
And report exploiters for exploitng.
Reporting more than once lowers punishment priority.
Roblox will then usually do something to punish the user who broke the TOS.
Stay away from the forums (Roblox talk, Off topic only needed blocked) unless they are 11 and up and know how to report offensive content.
Shooting games usually have blood disablers for the sensitive so use this and dont punish your kids instead!
Most war groups have trainings and some may not be ok with that.
There is no way to get free robux.
Censoring prooves no benefit and actually makes kids attempt to get past the strict censoring.
But the trolls are HORRIBLE.
Calling people noobs and horrible.
Multiple times a day I would be called stupid, swear words, and called words that should not be uttered on this website.
They swear, talk about "Doing Drugs", and over all find joy in calling people "That Stupid Girl".
Overall, unless the trolls are taken care of, then don't play this game.
Some of these ppl have yt channels like nilvou which btw hes gotten banned many times on roblox.So there are some downfalls to it but other than the negative parts its pretty lit tbh.
People swear but it is replaced with hashtags.
So... A lot of adults are complaining about predators on this game...
I admit, one time, Roblox was as toxic as 4Chan, but, with the fact that a big Youtuber is playing the game, Roblox mods are cracking down on this stuff.
And for the terrorist and nazi stuff?
As soon as it get released, someone reports it, and BOOM.
The game is taken down.
Also, some of the reviews are obvious trolls.
Seriously, A Brock Lesnar fetish?
Doubt it.
Read a gaming slang dictionary please.
Noob means New player or Stupid Player.
Please do not read the parent reviews, I beg you all.
The community is a mixed bag due to the sudden overflow of DanTDM Fans.
Please, Hear me out, If you want to ban your kids from this game.
Why are parents acting seriously about all of this?
It is a silly game where i have encountered few examples of what parents are talking about.
When i find a game too violent or is indecent, I just ignore it, Report it, And move on.
But i am not so crazy about it that i would scream, and scream, and scream, and pout, All about all day over.
Violence.
It is the main concern about this innocent game, I just ignore them.
If your kids are complaining about violent games or you witness them playing one, Then they are simply not mature enough about it.
I think the parent audience is over-reacting.
People say its inappropriate for kids, well that's not true!
AllSeason  said something about a sex thing, what is wrong with you?
It was probably an innocent, immature kid who thinks he/she's really funny being  having a "naked skin" .
If someone says a bad word in the chat section it doesn't show.
My friend got her password stolen by a person.
She made a new account and her sister, herself, and I reported him and he got suspended on Roblox for 7 days.
If you see anything innapropiate press Esc and report what's wrong.
Except, I don't think they have good moderators from what I've read.
ROBLOX really needs to improve on the community.
The games are usually fine but there are bad people.
Bad stuff on online games are just inevitable...
I play speed games  because FPS SUCKS!
The was a creepy guy who said he wanted to $@&@ me but I told him that I was ten and he was being a pervert.
There's also a terrible community.
Some of the games are made by idiots that promote online dating, and the moderation is not handled well.
I personally think that if kids want to play this game, parents should come and check every 15 minutes or so, since your kid may be playing a perverted game.
Some games are violent.
It promotes kids to buy robux so they can get that pointless digital items.
However, Games like Phantom Forces, Apocalypse Rising and Counter Blox: ROBLOX Offensive may not be appropriate for your kids.
Also, Some games I Played were Sexual.
The only thing I Disliked was being insulted and threatened.
One time someone told me that I Suck at sharpshooter mines (A Tycoon) and killed me repeatedly and did not let me get started, so I Just left.
One time someone told me he was going to shoot my eye with a shotgun and stab me with his knife, but in never happened.
People sent me scams in my messages all the freaking time, and I Famous developer had lost his most valuable items from the scam.
WARNING: Make sure that if your kids are VERY Young or immature than you should get them to a game instead of them.
I think there is many problems.
Like I USED to play it and I don't play because everyone is cursing and there is a lot of inappropriate talk and the "Report Abuse" button don't work at all.
I reported a guy 6 MONTHS ago and he is still not banned or even anything happened to him.
(I WOULD NEVER  RECOMMEND THIS GAME EVER TO ANYONE UNTIL IT GETS UPDATED PROPERLY)
I had to go through rehab because of this.
It was not till years later I was banned that I had seen this game promotes Satanism and sexual acts.
I confessed my sins to a priest and my friends couldn't be saved because they had offered themselves to Draedus in order to insure proper titles in Purgatory.
Bad game, keep your children away if you don't want to know what the embodiment of hell is.
The downside is it says it's free to play... only to play.
The game it self has a few decent kids but if you are over the age 13 you might be annoyed, disappointed and angry at how many annoying kids are on that game.
The game it self has multiple trolls and kids who don't have much manners when it comes to online games.
For the player who is doing it then yes but for the players who have to deal with a 10 year old dum troll http://prntscr.com/dcz0kr  Then http://prntscr.com/dcz265  and did i mention there are sex maps that any one can look up http://prntscr.com/dcz5ro
I had a long time playing the game, years infact, I decided to buy robux and builders club...

*Boom* two days later I can't access my account, so I basically spent 30.99 (Well earned) for nothing
I had requested password requests for 2+ days, did not receive them, I emailed roblox about the problem, they needed info that I own the account, I sent them a screenshot that said I own the account, YUP they said that it doesnt mean I own the account, they asked me to use my first email address.... FIRST EMAIL AD
Not only does it have a poor moderation system because exploiting is very common on the game and inappropriate images/language can be inserted anywhere by exploiters.
It also has a poor moderation system because ROBLOX will ban your child for ANYTHING.
I was banned once for uploading a rock song which contained no curse words or anything that would otherwise be considered "inappropriate".
I've also been banned for things that are not listed in the Terms of Service and User Agreement.
Other kids can also be very mean.
I have been harassed on the game for being atheist, LGBT and because I had Jewish family members.
Sometimes your child will be bullied for no reason other than because someone chose to be mean for the fun of it.
If you're concerned about swearing, a lot of times users will be able to bypass the moderation system and find ways to swear.
Whenever they try to chat something, it'll just come up as "######" and so on.
They have a few things for free, but they're not high quality.
Your child will also not be able to do a lot of things, like make clothing, own groups, etc.
I really do not recommend the site, especially since I've had many poor experiences with it.
The game is really concerned about rules.
Sometimes, the chat and be unseeable and blocked with hashtags and players under the age of 13 don't get to see the whole game.
I don't get how parents are saying this game should be for teens 17/18+
The swearing isn't a problem in most games.
Games by default have profanity filter.
(Though it does censor word that are misspelled.)
Next the violence.
When your character dies in most games, you fall to pieces just like in LEGO games.
I've played ROBLOX for more than a year and I know it's biggest problem is ODing.If it weren't for the ODing part, I would have put this game 8+ So basically Characters  can get into sexual(ish) positions.
Now for the scamming.
You're probably reading this because your son/daughter has been playing idiot constantly.
I can't play roblox, because they read some bias mom reviews on this website about how their tiny un-mature child got a virus from clicking on a link sent to him in a message, or said something idiotic, or went onto an inappropriate game.
I got a bit wore out in early 2014 and I became very bored with it, so I missed out on 90% of the updates.
One of them was the horrible thing called 'Price-Floors,' in 2012 it would cost 10 tix (you get 10 tix a day) so that means you would get 1 robux.
Outrageous right?
Now the only way to buy clothes is buy paying REAL money.
(or making a really good game but that's incredibly unlikely) Enough with my ranting, let's go onto the next section.
Nowadays however, all of those fun games turn into really awful, stupid OD'er (online dater) games.
It's absolutely ridiculous.
Most of the community are really immature and childish saying things like: 's--t' 'f--k,' the 'N' word yet they claim to be 18 and billionaires.
I used to love ROBLOX until the updates ruined everything, the developers are ignorant to their community and the community are disrespectful, spoiled brats.
Oh, and by spoiled brats I mean kids whose parents LITERALLY SPEND $130 JUST FOR A MEMBERSHIP FOR A YEAR!
The admins are really stupid because the offender never gets banned even though you report him, and YOU get banned for false reporting.
I'm annoyed by the game, and I want to warn younger people that how this really nice lego-looking game can deceive you and that you should ALWAYS play with your parent's supervision.
For example, if someone says "Your a bitch" it says "Your a #####" so it does not allow swearing.
It also does not allow kids to use there real names.
Some games that are worked on by professionals have good graphics, which is normally blood spewing everywhere when you die.
There are also some very psychologically disturbing horror games with very scary jump scares: Silent Dark, Roses.
In the Chat people say stuff like S**t but its not censored, but when you say S**ts then it censors.
However, this game has some urgent issues that need to be mentioned to parents.
I played this for real and seeing this being exposed to kids me really, really sad.
Roblox has certain positives but you can never trust what they say.
Kids who play this money trap will experience negative developments for example swearing or become enraged when a challenge is too difficult to overcome.
Yes, too bad it's at the bottom of the unpopular depths of games.
Certain games are just completely confusing.
The immediate problem every parent should see is that they have their own catalog.
Kids are begging their parents to buy in-game currency which costs REAL money.
Parents, I URGE YOU to stop your children from playing this massacre because in a few years, they will learn to swear and become violent.
I have become a victim of that too.
I've been on Roblox for years and just finally quit it.
The gaming mechanic system is good and you can build a lot of detailed buildings, but the community is horrifying.
I've had to at least drop SEVEN toxic friends on there.
The moderating system is absolutely awful.
You cannot report a person properly without getting labelled unfairly for false reporting.
The chat system is bad and you will always at least see someone swearing.
There are violent games which requires you to brutally beat up people.
You at least need money to buy robux in order to properly purchase clothing items, and you cannot get anything without robux whatsoever.
This game is NOT for children.
I would recommend that this game for teenagers if they like independant complex game making and building, but the community is absolute trash.
Don't bother playing.
Most the puzzles on roblox are meant for 16+ it gets younger children frustrated, And people online date, Some people find ways to swear and avoid the chat filters most the moderators let children say stuff they shouldn't be allowed to and ban them for saying random stuff, If they think its bad they normally turn it into hashtags but My sister's daughter tried to type 'Anyone wanna be my friend?'
And roblox blocked it, Are you not allowed friendship?
And when younger children try to build their own games its very hard, I suggest your child\Children should jsut play Minecraft or Animal Jam.
Roblox is worse than Youtube.
and i went to robloxian waterpark and then the dudes were like "your cloth ugly and i hate u and ur dumb xD ur mom is gh@y" and i cried and my mom almost called the fbi for cyberbullying and also there was a game called s 3 x party and i went there and there was a girl and she said lets s3x and i said ok whats that and then my hotdog pop out and cry
I STARTED PLAYING ROBLOX ON MY COMPUTER 3 WEEKS AGO AND IT CRASHED MY COMPUTER!!!!!!!
I TRIED TO LOG ON AND IT SAID YOU HAVE A VIRUS.
MY DAD TOOK ME TO A SPECIALIST AND HE SAID ROBLOX WIPED OUT EVERYTHING ON MY COMPUTER AND IT CAN BE FIXED.
DON'T GET THIS GAME IT SUCKS!
If you let your child play this for even a day, they will probably ask you for one of these upgrades.
You can't buy anything if you don't have the in-game currency, robux.
There used to be another currency called tickets, however they were removed in April 2016 due to them being 'useless'.
You should be careful when browsing the groups you can join, as some of them go against religious and political beliefs.
There is also the issue of inappropriate posts, which blatantly go against the rules.
The game STINKS.
Its addictive and has some fun games, but for the rest of the games people call you offensive slurs, make innapropiate jokes, call you names, its just horrible.
If your child doesnt know any of that, hes going to be getting exposed early.
Well, this game has a ton of O'ding ( Online Dating ) which is against the rules, but no one seems to do anything about it, it has way too much swearing.
Sometimes, people like to "troll" ( To mess with you or something ) and they can either try to troll you sexually or just bully you in some sort of way, which I know you wouldn't like, considering you're here looking for some reviews.
There's a lot of cyberbullies, and naughty talk.
To be truthfully, I have been playing this game since I was 10-11 (6 years, jfc) and It only started to get bad in 2012 when exploiters started to take over.
Everyone partook in messing with everything.
Spammers, Hackers and even Online Daters.
Now it's getting more strict with blocking out basically everything you say in game.
There's not that many exploiters in game, but do beware of scammers giving out false links to steal your information.
First I'll start out with the bad about this game.
I'm 14 years old, and the only reason I play this game is because I have a very slow computer (I am upgrading this Christmas).
The game has a not-so-great community, and the moderation is not so good.
The people that complain about their accounts getting hacked are just not educated on internet safety and have likely given their password to others.
There are a handful of games with custom chat engines (as opposed to the Roblox one) that offer less than adequate censoring of profanity, but the majority of games are fine.
There is an unbelievable about of scamming and spamming on the site with the comments section of 99% of games being nothing but "Repost on five games for free 999999999 Robux,(the games premium currency)"or "Go to (insert malware link here) for free Robux!"
There are quite a few cyber bullies on the internet and Roblox is no exception.
However, people will always cyber bully.
If you do not want your children to ever be insulted(which I completely understand), than I advise you to keep your children far from any internet site.
However, the heavy consumerism is the worst part of the site.
There are banner ads on every single page, and the scamming in the comments doesn't help either.
This is more of a minor annoyance than a safety concern for parents.
Many of the horrible ages 18+ parent reviews are very outdated from a time where the moderation team did absolutely nothing about hackers and pornography in the user created games, but now the team bans users permanently for major offenses and bans after some warnings for minor ones.
Summary: Roblox is an online game that will inevitably have people that try to bully children and try to scam them, but if parents take the necessary steps to teach their children about bullies and computer viruses, their children will be just fine.
I've played Roblox since 2012, and if you say something wrong, or spell it wrong your insulted.
I once said something to this guy, he banned me from a server, then threatened me he would destroy my reputation.
And there are games where you decapitate people!
Games where you shoot people.
People will call you horrible names like f--got and other harsh things.
You're considered a noob on how you look!
This game certainly is not what they say it is.
So...There's a lot of dating and nasty things!
I mean like come on nude avatars??
This has a ton of guns and bloody things...I've seen people using codes that make bad words!
like the F word!
Roblox has a ton of websites that say they give free thing which mostly need there password which then they lose there accounts!
They prices are very high 5$ for 80 robux it should be more like 2$
There is now a swear word filter which is pretty buggy as it censors lots of random things.
It doesnt fix the many many issues with its community.
Roblox is by far notourious for its very toxic community.
Issues such as Racism, Sexual activity and general harrasment.
The fact that loads of these kids have no manners is really bad.
Too add insult to injury the Report system doesnt work.
All it does is warns users rarely banning them (banning only happens to Hackers).
There are also weird games where users can go into hot tubs and stuff and as you might guess they contain sexual activity.
Its very sad seing that an app designed for kids has the most toxic community in any gaming fandom.
Been playing it for 4 years, but, sadly, the community is T-E-R-R-I-B-L-E!
Ok, ok, I might have been overreacting a bit, but the community is really bad...

Oh man, I have so much to write about the community...
I'll start from the least worse, to the worst:

Ok, number 1: Popularity: 
Most games that are popular are mad murderer games, tycoons, "roleplaying" games, scams, or just free-modeled copies... One of the reasons I stopped playing ROBLOX so often like I used to, btw.
Number 2: The radio: There's a radio option for many games, yet *almost* everyone who uses the radio plays annoying music, or MLG stuff.
These kids think they're better than anyone because they have expensive hats and their parents bought them BC...  

B.
When they saw me, they called the hair I chose ugly, now, I'm fine with opinions, but not only they shared their opinion on me, they also started bullying me, yep, that's right...
I was bullied for a hairstyle, I got a bit offended I guess, so I responded to them with "how mature of you..." then they said something like, "oh god, not this type of person!"
I remember that they kept on bullying me a little more, then they muted me...

C. Da K00l Kidz:
Often seen hanging out in games like "Club Sanity" or "Club Boats", they are seen in groups and act like they're better than everyone...
They often call you a noob, or ODer, which brings us to those with the prejudices:

D. Ever heard of "don't judge a book based on its cover"?
There are also a type of players with prejudices that don't judge you exactly, they just have prejudices.
I went to a FPS ROBLOX game, and some guy told me that I won't win 'cause I'm a girl.
I've also saw many people who use the word "g@y" as an insult, and people who use the word n1gga, or nigg3r alot...

E. The mods: They aren't technically players... but they are a still a part of this community...
The mods are... well... eh, not great...
I reported someone for ODing, yet for some reason *I* was the one who got banned, and for the SAME reason I reported that someone!
And I don't even OD... Not only for that I was banned, 
I was also banned for a random meme I uploaded: It was a Captain America image that on it was written: "I want you to watch your language!"
", breaking ROBLOX rules, and when you tell them(some) that what they're doing is breaking the rules and illegal, they attack you and say stuff like: "I'LL DO WHATEVER I WANT" and stuff...

Whoops, sorry, seems like I ranted... Anyways, the game's great, the community is very bad, and the mods aren't great aswell...
If your like me u can't get Robux and all the other people around u are using there's left and right and there u are with the starter crap.
It's unfair we shouldn't be spending money on Avatars, MORE CLOTHING NEEDS TO BE FREE!
I was surprised to hear all the whining from these parents.
True, the community has increasingly gone down hill throughout the years, but that is to be expected as the game grows.
It is much like any place on the internet with trolls, hackers, scammers, and spammers, but know this...
It is not humanly possible to monitor the whole site at once.
Since the content is all user created, Roblox can not be held responsible for the actions of others.
Purchases are not required for overall game play, cyber bullies should not be taken seriously and reported immediately, and privacy/safety should not be an issue if the child is taught right.
Becpise a lot of kids wanna play on their phones but it doesn't work pls fix it
Some games are inappropriate for some.
You can report people for doing bad things.
Violence - even official games (like Crossroads) can have cartoonish violence,  prison and murder games have violence that is surprising for a game with an E10+ rating
Sex - Online Dating, Role Play Dating and "Push Ups" are common
Language - The one that breaks the E10+ barrier, there was a bunch of "damns" and "hells" by the ROBLOX community.
Money - ROBLOX tries to eat off money with their memberships, and they did this because they said " Outrageous Builders Club" (highest cost) is BEST VALUE!
i bet they didn't watch the video.
Sex - PhireFox, a machinima person talks about Sex commonly, but not as much as Alberts Stuff, which is a ROBLOX Let's Player that is COMPLETELY inappropriate, a sexual reference is when he called "Apocalypse Rising" "Acockolypse Rising"
Swearing - The videos can range from kid friendly (Denis, DanTDM) to adults only (Alberts Stuff, That Blue Panda Guy) these contain lots of swearing, such as the F word, the B word, the T word, the D word, the H word, the S word and EVEN THE N WORD!
Drugs - Lots of them
Money - They always ask to subscribe and some of them (including DanTDM) have YouTube Red Only Videos!
Privacy - There are scam websites, fake giveaways and cyberbullying

== OVERALL ==

11+
I've played Roblox for about 4-6 years and as a little kid I was abused on that game, so I did what other people do: Report on the abuser.
I thought that guy would be banned in hours, but after days of playing that guy continued to stalk me across the site of Roblox, alas he was never banned.
AND ALSO THE ITEMS ROBLOX WAS SELLING WAS REEEEALY OVER-PRICED!
Many of the users on here will say very terrible things to the other users that I don't feel that I should say.
There are some games know as role-playing games where kids and teens and sometimes adults will create characters and will insult other players that do not know the rules or how to play it.
They will usually call them "cancerous" and "autistic" and many other awful things to the younger users finding themselves playing these types of games.
Some users will also scam other users for their special items.
If I had kids, I would definitely not let them play this game!
This did more harm than good, because several innocent phrases can be interpreted incorrectly by the filter.
Bullies & Trolls also reside on this website, so keep that in mind.
Additionally, it is HIGHLY recommended that you DO NOT spend any money in this game, virtual or real.
Hackers are known to take accounts and steal, blackmail, or frame their victims.
Sex games are a uncommon thing on this website but you can't encounter them by accident, and they're usually banned.
Another issue is that scams come in many forms in this game:

- Comments telling you to visit a website for free stuff

- People saying they will buy you robux and or BC on your account if you give them your password

- Etc.
I love this game have been playing it for 5 years but now that there are no tickets it is impossible to get robux unless you try to hack or something or unless you pay and that is not fair tickets were a way to get robux  you got 10 everyday you logged on and you could trade them in for robux but now that there are no tickets there is no way to get them unless you pay or hack by the way you buy clothes and items with robux.
This game is not for you.
You will hear parents saying LOADS of bull crap.
And it's completely restricted.
So dont believe those overprotective.
Lying parents.
No bad content like that.
Whenever, Roblox crashes again.
It won't let you join again in a million times.
At times, there can be scams for free "ROBUX".
There are games with adult stuff and minor swearing, but thanks to popularity luck, these games are not getting noticed that much!
You can also friend people, and they might send you rude messages.
There are some problems, like the occasional filter loophole that people use a lot in the session.
When people die in this game, their body parts fall off (not in a gruesome way unless the creator uses certain scripts).
It's a great concept but there's some issues with this website that parents should be aware of.
Parents should be aware that the moderation on this website is pretty awful.
There is some days when a sexually explicit game gets on the front page and it'll take a few days for the game to be taken down by the moderators.
The community in ROBLOX isn't great either, be prepared to be called out for how your avatar looks or be blatantly insulted for playing a game how it should be played.
The Games
Some of the games on ROBLOX are pretty violent and may have blood and gore, which is considered inappropriate for the younger audiences.
The concept is great, but the community of this game ruins it with violent and pornographic games.
You may want to consider about letting your child on this site.
there is one thing that really makes me want to rip my hair out.
There is a lot of exploiting and bullying in this game.
so I type my other accounts and they don't work.
this gets me really frustrated because now I cant share my problems with the creators and give advice.
FIX THIS NOW.also lots of kids talk about sex in this game so beware.
They don't directly help this issue.
ODers frolick around without Roblox caring.
Honestly this could effect your child's safety if they were to do this and talk to an older person who gets them to use a site outside of roblox.
DO NOT ONLINE DATE KIDS.
Roblox does moderate the chat, too much especially for kids under 13.
They can  say things like 'Bish' instead of the actual word or WTF instead of the actual sentence.
In all honesty it is a block body character.
When they die, they fall apart and a sound is made.
But you don't usually see blood, if you do it isn't realistic or anything.
Of course there are games where you have to kill people, but it isn't realistic.
- ON THE TOPIC OF HATE -
There is a lot of hate on roblox.
People can say a lot of mean things and it's really sad to watch.
People will make fun of you for your grammar, to who you look, to your join date, to any little thing they can pick at.
The only thing I hate is the amount of paid stuff!
9 and below should avoid them.
Online Dating is biggest thing wrong in Roblox so tell your child not to talk.
however they may be some downs due to the expensive items.
Some of these items are actually used for the very known problem: Online dating.
But another problem is hacki- excuse me I meant EXPLOITING and scams.
Another type of scam would be site scamming, someone would trick someone into logging on into there own fake roblox site into getting the account, and there are many more types of scams.
Exploiting; yes, the horrid name for "hacking" in roblox.
Roblox has infact got there site exploited before and one example is the 2012 April Fools hacking, but probably fake.
Aand another bonus: Many people on the so called site: V3rmillion have cracked passwords from OBC roblox accounts and sell them, and it includes other users too, so i'm putting in a safety and privacy concern.
I bet you that half of these people who say Roblox is bad are just parents who just played one roblox game made by a noob  for 1 second and when they just see one naked person they say " THIS GAME IS PORN AHHHH!!!"
Gosh you can't control how a person looks.
If your kid was that DUMB ENOUGH to tell your private info.
You would have to take them to a doctor.
I saw on this website that someone said they were called a troll.
A troll is someone who acts dumb so they could get attention.
Bullying.
Half of the time your kid  gets bullied on roblox is just because he is being a jerk to other people and people don't like him.
Or he is doing something REALLY dumb.
I would expect you parents to be more thoughtful about the world we are living in right now.
Because PEOPLE are NOT perfect.
hope I'm not the only person complaining about this
I been playing roblox for a long time and some of the updates ruined its reputation, as scammers appear more often.
Roblox has a high consumerism problem.
but even worse when you don't get free daily robux (Money on roblox)

But if your like me and bypass it, hopefully you can have a good experience.
Since 2011, I have watched the community get worse and worse.
People are rude and though they have a "filtered" chat, swear words still get through, (s.3.x, f.v.c.k, etc.)
As I said in the title, a game that the players create sounds like a good idea, but without heavy moderation, turns out to be a crap chute.
Downgraded in quality.
Unless you get Builders Club (paid membership) since they took away tix, there is practically no way to get robux.
speaking of robux, I have seen A LOT of ads and messages saying stuf like "FREE ROBUX NOW!
JUST REMOVE THE *S!"
Had to bring one of my computers to a shop to get fixed because these scams install viruses, adware, spyware, etc.
to your computer.. My little cousin (6) falled for one of these and completely destroyed my computer.
There is some violence in roblox..Mini games such as: Twisted Murderer.
Some flirting and ODER Stuff (Onine dater) you can swear but u get banned.
Most swear words are censored and if you dare type them into chat it comes out as ####.
Still you can get away with saying fck, sht, rap3, peni5, etc.
Ever since Mid-April 2016, ROBLOX discontinued "TIX" a free way to get Robloxian Money.
Now the main currency is Robux which costs money.
Wearing this will cause people to call you a "Noob", "Idiot", "Dumb New Player".
Blocking people will make you not be able to see their chat if they're saying inappropriate words.
I loved it but the content was never moderated on the games 
there was a little bit of sex, too much violence and WAY too much swearing
But this teaches your kid a really good leason.
Players can make games that include blood and gore and sometimes sex and bad language but sex and bad language can be reported.
Characters can swear and talk about inappropriate stuff and moderators don't do anything they just wait for someone else to report them.
I am confused by other comments I find that the community is good as long as you ignore the angry little trolls.
All games have a required chat filter I have seen games remove the filter but they get deleted within a day.
So if you are uncomfortable with your kids playing violent games roblox may not be the best.
I have never once seen a roblox game with inappropriate/sexual material the admins work very hard to delete all those games as soon as they pop up.
I played a game called "Mad Games" which turned out horribly wrong.
I then got called "idiot" or "noob" for teaming up with the other player.
This shows the players are mean.
I talked to him for a bit, he was nice, but then someone cut me in line and the staff did nothing about it.
I asked for my spot back, but then he was just plain out rude.
I played it, but there was to much killing, blood and gore so I left.
For the sake of being safe online, I would not recommend this game.
Well, to begin i'm a fifteen year old, I've been playing since the year 2008 (10/27/2008) Well it was great in the years 2008-2012 then 2013 came along and there's MANY scammers.
yes you can die in ROBLOX but you fall into pieces mostly.
parents get butt hurt when their child is called "noob" noob isn't always a bad thing.
Just a head's up" if we are playing a game were if you are a noob then you're not really going to kill anybody.
In one word - Disgusting.
I've played this game for a while now (2009 in fact) and I can say ROBLOX certainly isn't safe for kids, anymore.
It once used to be but since 2014-15 it's really let itself go.
Online Dating (OD'ing) isn't stopped, in fact, "Stop online dating" is censored.
YouTubers and ROBLOX rule enforcers are banned sometimes deleted if they try and prevent Dating.
Games like 'Adopt Me' or 'Girls and Boys Hangout' take Months to get removed or never do.
Obviously, they're used inappropriately allowing people to make sexual gestures.
I don't blame ROBLOX for this but they don't ban these games.
Violence, ROBLOX claims to have a nurturing environment, but they are games like 'The slaughtering floor' which is just Violence, Blood, Guns... You name it.
Not to mention, the number of times I've loaded a ROBLOX game to have a PORNHUB advert flash up on my Screen showing, well...
Overall, do not let your Child play this disgusting game.
It cares about Money, not your Child, if you still think it's okay to allow your Child to go on the game PLEASE talk to them about Internet safety and monitor them.
My little Sister almost exposed our Home Location to a total stranger Online before we told her it's a bad idea.
Good but some games influence violence but if you tell your child not to play them they should be fine.
You get occasional trolls if your child is under 13, tell your child to leave the game.
You can get online daters which are quite annoying.
Swearing is not allowed.
But then people were being mean, calling me a noob and telling me to stoo being wierd and recording not even for youtube.
People date too much there, and the worsy game whe it comes tk dating is Girls and Boys hangout.
There are bikinid in the game,  and I dont think that's suitable for kids younger than 12 like me.
I'm sorry to break it to you parents, but your children cannot be shielded from the internet forever.
Parents, this is directed at you.
I saw a few reviews of calling out ROBLOX as a place not to have fun and that it is not child friendly.
I have to tell you something, I think you know it also, The internet is the internet, there is many things that your children will find on it and it will make you angry.
I say that you should have a talk with your kids and tell them the dangers of the internet before letting them loose.
(for non-builder club members) I have been having a hard time making robux and it is not easy!
Creating a game takes a lot of time and some people don't have any time for that, including myself.
It is a ripoff.Regular users do not recieve any tix or currency.This means they can not buy anything in the game.Instead they have to spend real money to get robux.I used to like roblox before this update.
Way too much sex people will have sex flirt and talk about drug references.
If you cuss you'll see ur meesege but it wil be covered up with hashtags.
Back in about 2014 I had someone log into my account with out my knowing, and stole a lot of the in-game currency called Robux.
Witch was all taken from my account, and all my rare hats.
For me I figured this out and lied about my DoB because back when I started Roblox I no friends outside of Roblox.
95% of the people there are grumpy, ignorant teenagers.
They don't care about you or your life, and will do their best to humiliate you.
A new disaster is chosen for every randomly selected map.
Games I suggest for your child not to go on.
Boys and Girls hangout: This one is complete horse play, also being disgusting.
It is a dangerous action, especially on ROBLOX with all the kids, and I suggest prohibiting children under 13 from playing it.
This game is bad because it sends a invalid message to youngs, and it influences them to think High school is  not serious and is just what is replicated in the game but in real life.
Youngs may later go to highschool to find a harsher and more careless environment.
3: Mad Murder/Mad games/Murder: This game is really the worst.
Even though it's not horse play and online dating, it influences shootings and knifing others, as well as being into bad trends.
You have to find who the murderer is and if you are a citizen, you try not to go near the murderer, and if you're a cop you have to find who the murderer is by LITERALLY witnessing that individual knife people.
It puts a wrong image in your child's head and I strongly suggest for you not to have any relations to this game.
This games show pornographic and sexual content.
It also shows people killing other people with guns and a vast vocabulary of cuss words.
My brother started playing the game and when he went to school he told his teacher bad words from the game and was suspended.
Very bad for kids
Many of the reviews here are outdated and such so let me explain.
Yes, you can type out Swears and inappropriate language but most of the time it is hashtagged out and is not seen by others.
Also to anyone that says they emailed Roblox on their decision to ban you that is highly unrecommended even if you were innocent, just wait till the ban gets lifted for if you do email them the ban will worsen.
An issue I will admit that Roblox has is that it does have lots of consumerism but most of the time you should be able to get by (ex.
Beware of cussing here, major problem for younger kids.
Although ROBLOX moderates cussing, you see alot of these:

F#ck
B!tch
Sh!t

Great buliding game for kids, though.
Just the cussing.
Well that went downhill pretty quickly.
Has a sane opinion ~Gets bullied~.
Dresses up as a girl ~Targeted by creepy, dirty minded pre-schoolers, or at least I think they are...~

And over the 3 years I played, I encountered explicit, terrifying and violent games.
THE GAME CREATOR IS RUDE
CUSTOMER SERVICE IS HORRIBLE
EVERYTHING IS HORRIBLE 
ROBLOX COMUNITY IS HORRIBLE
EVERYTHING IS PLAIN BAD.
DO NOT JOIN ROBLOX!
I have read dozens of reviews regarding how it has too much swearing and it is highly inappropriate for kids, and I have to say, not all of that is true.
Completely unbalanced mess of an ecosystem.
There are ads everywhere, and so many features are limited to members of the wildly expensive "builders club."
As a product of consumerism (pun intended), there are massive amounts of dishonorable players.
These players buy (or have their parents buy) in game weapons, or other tools and abilities, and then unfairly exploit them.
People with this weapon often stay around enemy spawns, and constantly fire it, disallowing other players to do anything, and in turn ruining the game.
If you try you will likely get banned.
All non-Builders Club members get wired to these moderators, who will do NOTHING about it, except maybe punish you.
However, the BUILDERS CLUB members- well, they get the exact same treatment.
Everybody loses.
The reason I marked this with Safety and Privacy Concerns, is because the comments on games are FILLED with scammers.
You seldom see a non-scammer comment.
These contain links that go to websites, claiming to give you free "Roblox," while actually stealing your account, and finding your IP to track your child down.
Also there is dating and junk roleplaying games which could include some bad stuff if your child is mature enough go for it but he/she can say stuff that can get them banned so talk with them about it.
Also there is some violence such as bombs, guns, possibly blood and gore.
There is also ALOT of swearing and scams out there for in game currency called rubux.
Drinking and smoking is a high possibility with violence.
The last thing is hackers a lot of hacking for personal info the chance of that is quite slim but there's a chance.
my friends quit because of that.
It commits to terrible updates, and doesn't even read the forums of suggestions from the players.
Its recent update was that it erased Personal Servers, in which I think is stupid.
They also took away the tix currency, which made 1/2 of trade and conversion pointless.
The Easter Egg Hunts rarely have participants, and the eggs dont even hatch anymore.
What I find stupid is how much money it is to join Buildersclub.
They keep on discouraging and discouraging people who are not members in order to get money, even though they already have more than enough.
My huge problem here is the personal servers deletion, because I build better in those.
I am not gonna consider problems from the players, because they don't relate to the staff at all.
I am not asking for the game to become like the 2006-2008 edition, because considering that many things great occured there, there was also a lot of lag and bugs.
The admins keep on updating, and I am incapable of keeping track.
Many scripts have been broken.
After the moderator for the Builderman died, they were replaced with a robot.
What makes this game not good overall is that the ROBLOX staff doesn't even want to claim that its on BETA, still.
Shedletsky hasn't provided anything good.
I'm planning on quitting, soon.
This game is just a huge copy of a game i play called Minecraft.
And roblox is the worst game you can play in my opinion.
Okay, the idea seems okay, but the physics are all wrong.
I ran this game on my Macintosh 128K and it lagged out so hard.
This leads me to believe the coding is all wrong.
I play Mario and I am really good at platformers, so I know this game must be trash.
But be careful, there are Teens that sometimes use inappropriate  language such as cussing.
I started being bullied after my account got hacked around May 2015.
I've quit ROBLOX recently.
It was too much for me.
WHY YOU SHOULDN'T PLAY ROBLOX:
Too many teenagers.
To speak with these teens, you have to lie about your age.
There's a few games, but not many, that have blood, etc.
You can even say BAD WORDS by removing a few letters, or simply adding symbols,  for example: "sht".
Bullies.
There are so many bullies.
I have been picked on because of ROBLOX.
Please, pretty please, do not let your child, or if you're a kid/teen, yourself, play this game.
It is simply horrible.
One thing I can tell you right away is that the community is far from friendly,  and it can be somewhat difficult to make friends due to the overall harshness and prejudice of the general player base.
Aside from the players, the game does suffer from major flaws.
A few being poor moderation, over consumerism and hackers slash exploiters.
The moderation of this site isn't optimal, but it's sufficient enough to where your child is not exposed to nudity or anything along those lines, but people may use methods to bypass the weak filter currently in game, which means your child is often going to encounter swearing and harsh language, since rude behavior is hardly regulated.
There's also another ongoing problem aside from the community, and that is the game constantly trying to get you to purchase something.
Even customizing your character will cost you money.
Hackers and exploiters also pose a threat to your child.
They will most likely ruin their experience due to all of the hackers breaking and screwing with the game.
The game is'nt really for kids because some players still make porn on roblox there's volience .We do drugs on roblox if you don't belive because i do it on roblox we made a secret game so.And the safe is not really safe.It's annoing like we don't even swear it's still putshashtags?And some people who pla the game are super mean ,annoing and stupid.
This game has inappropriate content on games, the roblox co. bans these game as well but A REALLY BIG RISK!
There's swearing as well but if it is a child account, it will block the swearing.
Recommended not getting roblox for your child.
ROBLOX is full of things that are good and bad for kids.
There safe-chat system kind of works but sometimes it'll block out perfectly fine words.
Then that person was caling me a noob and stupid.
They said "I am leaving stupid girl and don't follow me".
I then cried..... Althought you can report them I feel like it never works.
Therefore parents, you have to tell your children to not chat because not even the safe chat works.
First of all, The Item in Roblox Are very expensive, There are online dater and dating games, and that only the problem.
There No "S.E.X games", People who made that will be remove or ban for life, and of course there "violent" but it not really bad.
this game, is so laggy and doesn't work, I have deleted the app and tried to download it again which also doesn't work.
I find it a waste of my time, why play a game when it takes 30 seconds to just look in the other direction!
There are players on there ("Trolls") who's main reason for being online is to ruin the fun and enjoyment of other players.
Reviews have claimed that the Staff of ROBLOX ("Moderators") don't pay attention to these reports, and when they look at them.
They don't do anything, I understand the irritation.
Another problem with players is the online role-playing and dating.
While it is against the rules of ROBLOX, these are Children most cases.
They try and cheat the system, using words that the computer doesn't recognize as dating phrases, this also goes along with swearing.
Kids attempt to cheat the system, using words like: (Excuse my profanity) "Fk u", which is derived from "Fuck you", "Sht" for "Shit".
They're more difficult to get rid of, but I don't think they're the main problem.
3, Violence: As a Parent, your last expectation from a "Kids" game is to see gross and graphic violence, those sorts of actions are more fit for an "Adult" game.
But some of the games on ROBLOX have Violence, whether by Guns, Bombs, Swords, etc.
Roblox is a hard game to choose an age rating since in depends on the game but i will say 13+ because some games are rude and violent and a lot of the strangers in the chat swea
well when my friend showed me i got hooked but then we figured out people could make viruses there... so i stopped ROBLOX i might play it sometimes at my friends house but i did not make them download it
Super safe chat should be for those 15 and under because they aren't ready for Rated-R movies and people say stuff like "what the h**l", "sh*t", "d*mn", and "p*ss" uncensored!
There could be violence which could be unsuitable for those under 10.
I started playing when I was 9 years old and it was pretty violent.
Kids 10-15 can handle violence and language but can't handle sex so STOP MAKING SEX because people go like "Let's go out" and "123 for a hot bf/gf".
You kids under 10 reading this, DON'T GO ON ROBLOX because there is too much violence, swearing, and a bit of sex!
The game is overly materialistic and poorly moderated.
Unless you have some superior internet, you ain't making much use of this game.
Roblox staff claim they do not support bullying.
There is so many stupid items in the catalog against "noobs".
No wonder a poor noob can't make friends!
Other kids will see that stuff, think they are doing the right thing, and start bullying "noobs"!
If Roblox really is against bullying, they will do anything to avoid it, and making rude content will only increase the chances of bullying!
Sorry, Roblox staff.
You only care about your own benefit.
I love this game deeply, but it has it's drawbacks.
You can report, but the moderators don't care.
6) cussing can get through chat logs, but not very easily.
7) it is okay for younger kids, but it can be violent
Firstly, let me say that you parents are VERY mislead and they don't include ROBLOX Studio.
I know there are LOTS of violent games on there, but there are more than just violent!
Here are a few games that are more CARTOON violent than real world violence:

Person299's Minigames by Person299
Work at a Pizza Place by Dued1
Ripull's Minigames by Ripull
The Plaza [Beta] by Widgeon
Survive the Disasters by Vyriiss
Natural Disaster Survival by stickmasterluke
Tiny Tanks!
Oh man, LOTS OF HORRIBLE THINGS with the community.
Only thing to tell you is to ignore them.
Don't chat to them unless you really need to (Please don't try to "call them out," most of them are trolls who want to have fun by making people mad.)
If they can't pay for all of that, ROBLOX would not be able to survive.
If you think BC is expensive then don't buy it.
So to sum it up, ignore the trolls/flamers/spammers and the majority of the community.
There are more but they lost interest in ROBLOX.
Some servers can have bad things in them like fighting shooting etc but as long you stay of the bad servers you'll be ok
Cons:Forums are toxic.
too many trolls.
Some games are innapropiate.
Poorly moderated.
However, I started seeing swearing and sexual content, such as "ROBLOX S3X 18+!!!".
These games, however, are quickly removed by the moderators and the creators are banned.
There are perverts looking for kids to give you there information.
I also saw in the chat log  saying "Meet me at store for meth" you can report them, but sadly Roblox doesn't care about your safety.
Take my advice, don't go on that site for the safety of your child.
Take caution as there are also some trolls and churlish people out there.
I like this game myself but it can get a little boring once and a while so I don't play it a lot as I used to
They try to keep people from swearing, but sometimes it still comes through.
If there is innapropriate content in a user's message, it is usually changed to #'s or [Content Deleted].
Users 13 and older are put on the blacklist, which means any word they say that is on the blacklist is replaced by #'s for them and any others.
There are also people who try and steal other users accounts.
There is some violence in some player created roblox games, but because of how roblox is designed, it isn't as graphic as some games.
Those games are actually not as fun as some of the free games.
There are some people I noticed who were lying about some of the things in roblox.
Front page games never have any innapropriate content in them because roblox moderation would delete them immediately if they did.
One: On some games, people will mercilessly exploit (give powers to kick, fly, etc without permission)

Two: Bypass the chat filter and curse like a sailor

Three: Trolls.
Trolls.
Trolls are everywhere

Four: Scammers.
PLEASE DO NOT LET YOUR CHILD PLAY THIS.
"Robloxians" have their own territories: Forums = trolls joking about 911, cancer, and autism.
Games = uneducated children that swear their heads off.
Unfortunately they did not turn the sound off: (WARNING EXPLICIT LANGUAGE)  https://m.youtube.com/watch?
v=5cRLZLcna1A

There are satanists, emos, and pervs on Roblox.
Occasionally (8-12 months) you'll see an inappropriate game, but the mods usually take it down in an hour.
If you don't want your child to see flattened cylinders colored red, that is merely your choice.
If your child wants to play something more "mature" after roblox, people/users will make fun of your child for being part of the community.
There is not a big blue "CREATE" button anywhere, so you'll have to go through a maze to even create a few bricks in roblox studio.
I will guarantee your child will get bored before he "creates" anything.
Well first i have problem with my account and roblox admins asked me for my email in roblox i typed my email which i used on roblox and they say that email is not correct and they don't let me play and i had so much good things :( Roblox SUCKS
Its not good on some games so be sure its ok to play
Eh, I guess we will start with swearing.
Its rare for you not to see people swearing on roblox.
Ive saw people getting around the filter and saying the full F word and SH word!
It's just so messed up sadly... (Not exaggerating!)
Now kids can see all those nasty words and post their own, because don't be surprised if your kid starts swearing on roblox!
And now on too a biggie: Violence.
Your gonna see FPS games with real life based guns like AK 47s where you kill the other players.
Also, bloody games are common.
Does roblox do anything about it?
In my opinion, roblox is 15+ if you ignore and don't get involved  in the horrible stuff.
Not on this nightmare.
Very poor moderation.
I think of roblox as a trap, because it can get really addicting and so you will see so much bad stuff but not be able to stop.
But, I left roblox and don't come on it at all anymore.
If you want your child to be safe, please don't let them play this!
I screamed at him to stop it, but he didn't.
I immediately deleted my account.
If you don't want this happening to your child, don't let them get this!
My friend told me about this website so I went playing a game made on there called Natural Disaster Survival and I just said there is flood and those people said "Shut Up!"
and some said "GO F**K YOUR SELF" like wtf all I said is that there is flood.
Also there are gun shootings in some games so parents beware that kids under 16 shouldn't play this.
ALSO SOMEONE SAID THIS: "who wanna date me" LIKE WTF THIS ISN'T A DATING SITE!!!!!!
STAY OFF THIS GAME OR JUST PLAY AS GUEST.
', which is really not true.
"Ugly," and other rude things.
There are plenty of horrible games, but plenty of nice ones as well.
I played games where slenderman would come and kill you if you didn't escape, I also played games where I could chop of peoples limbs.
There are very few games where there is even blood, and I knew it was just a game and was not real.
Bad, but amazing.
WHAT'S THE POINT OF EVEN BANNING THEM WHEN THEY DON'T CARE?
I have also gotten suicidal thoughts, depression, and more from being on this website.
It's very sad and annoying considering how friendships start and end.
Players are also able to say Fk Sht, DckHead C0ck Pvssy Svck And more.
New players are also bullied to death by being shunned when entering games that have admin.
(Someone goes into a admin came, Being called a "Noob", and being punished until they leave the game. )
So yeah, I wouldn't recommend this Unless you have secure  watch over your children.
Although you might think ROBLOX has viruses and other things, 
It doesn't.
Viruses from ROBLOX.com is from other websites that infect your Computer.
And you might say the administration is bad.
Because of people who change a letter in a bad word such as the F word, they make it fk.
Now if you dont want them to see this, then don't even create them an account!
if you don't want them to see Cussing, then just don't create them an account.Its not ROBLOX.
The community can be unpredictable sometimes..
Trolls
Online Dating
Foul language
In case you think Roblox has too much online dating, don't play those games or make your own.
It's security system is good, but scams can happen.
With these scams, kid enter their username and password into a fake login screen on a fake Roblox site or ingame.
If your kid has Builder's Club, then they are at greater risk, because those scammers can look at the billing info and use your credit card number for yourself.
This game does have inappropriate people I won't lie about that, but when you think realistically you're going to end up running into inappropriate people every where.
Kid's are swearing and online dating, but that's just kids of course they're going to act like little brats and do silly things.
When I saw some of the parent reviews saying it was extremely violent, and had inappropriate games/users, it really annoyed me.
This one I do agree on with other parents, moderation isn't the best.
In fact, reporting people literally does nothing.
On the other hand though, you rarely see sexual games, and violence can only get so extreme.
There isn't many ways to make this game gruesome.
Like I said, there are games and people who aren't so nice.
I personally believe that Roblox isn't as bad as all these parents who're complaining believe it to be.
Yeah, I get people can be pretty inappropriate at times, but what site //doesn't\\ have flaws?
The report systems don't work because Roblox doesn't have enough time to pick out what every individual person needs, so only the more serious reports get answered, scamming, death threats, etc.
And cyberbullying is a problem on every site.
As a player who has played for this amount of time, I am heartbroken to see what the game has become.
Scamming and spam is comparable to what it was before, however it is still an issue.
In many games now, inappropriate language and uncouth behaviour runs rampant.
I would advise anyone not seeking to experience bad language to avoid games which are inherently designed for communicating and not to achieve something (ie games which are like 'clubs', 'hangouts', 'high schools', etc).
In one recent game of mine, I walked into an area in a club wearing an outfit that is dated now, due to the fact that it was made in 2009 and immediately I was insulted with very offensive racial slurs (despite not being the race whereof they insulted).
I end up reporting at least five times a day; not for minor infractions but for extremely harsh language.
This huge gap between about 3 years and 1 day of waiting results in a caste system whereby non-members can only afford basic items.
Roblox has been effective at combating hacking, however it happens a lot in very old places because they can be exploited easily.
The worst hacks I have seen have involved extremely adult content, however this last happened a year ago if not more.
Spam messages from female account bots with usernames such as "jaimeaustin481" will provide a link within their messages, which will lead to one's account being compromised if one should follow the link.
This is less than what it was years ago, when some games would incorporate 'blood' and hackers would hack in a 'slit throat', which has been patched.
Overall, I would say that the game has too much swearing and consumerism and that it is quite easy to lose one's account should one click a bad link sent to them by a bot.
ROBLOX was meant to be a game where you "imagine it" Well that's not anymore.
There's many bullies out there who can really tell hurtful comments to you.
The games are highly inappropiate.
Some of them can scam you and scam your account, meaning it would be stolen from somebody.
This website has poor moderation and is highly unsafe for kids who are sensitive to words that can hurt them, even lead to depression or self harm.
VIOLENCE 4/10 Some games may have guns and cartoon blood, SEX 0/10 none, LANGUAGE 0/10 To 10/10 players can swear if they use other words but this is not in safe chat.
DRINKING AND DRUGS 0/10 none, SCARY SCENES 0/10 none.
If it were a movie it would be rated PG for some violence and language.
Many users tend to swear, but that is no problem for a kid my age.
We have far too many over protective parents, and they all need to be slaughtered like a cow.
A forum moderator DapperBuffalo abuses his power.
Every 5 months or so a random account makes a porn game that will go to the front page games but will soon be terminated!
OT can be mean sometimes!
Crazy incidents happen on OT!
If something viral happens to you or if a lot of people on OT hate you, a OT user that uses 4Chan will dox you and leak your private information, like you and your family pictures, address, ETC.
but threads like that soon get deleted on OT and sometimes 4Chan!
There's a lot of 7 year olds that roam around on Roblox and say things that make no sense.
Some people make games with adult content in them, so steer away from those.
Players can say things that are inappropriate for kids.
The game became very offensive when kids began to curse all they wanted, causing ROBLOX to take action, but in a wrong way, they censored many words by using hashtags, sometimes not even curse words but words that could be used in a bad way such as "bird".
ROBLOX became really messed up, top and most played games became scams and fake places or perverted sexual games.
I could continue to inform other bad things and ect.
but I don't have the time to.
I'm 16 years old now and I've moved on from this addictive game which will ruin the way your child acts, behaves or bring up things that you never taught them.
The players in this game have too much freedom, it's like keeping young children next to older inappropriate teens that will mess around with your child just for fun.
As some other reviews state, yes there is some inappropriate and scary things on ROBLOX.
This website is NOT what I would call a family friendly, positive website.
Some of the games are very violent.
For example, in a sword fighting game,the goal is to kill people.
Also, there are many games about murder.
Also, this website should be monitored.
Roblox has a filter that covers up swears,but some people MISSPELL the words so everyone can get their "clear message to the other person."
IT IS NOT APPROPRIATE!
To much swearing,  definitely.
And also, sometimes people talk about inappropriate content.
My message to you is DO NOT PLAY ROBLOX!!!!
Just a half year later, i called my teacher for bitch.
I've swearing on roblox, (7 Words that really hurt) I got banned for 1 day.
When you Watch roblox is free, remember that is a scam.
Like, "Dont like ur shirt?
Alot of games ae for pedophiles.
Your child can get bullied, by having a bad grammar, or just for being bad at a game.
OF cursle, you can report a user, if he abuse the chat bar, BUT the abuser will just get a warn.
It took the admins 4 years to ban a game where you could use Weed/Beers/Drugs.
Players that have an youtube account with roblox, rarly NEVER make an video without swearing.
But its hard, and you'll Waste hours of hours on ur game/Model.
But, you can also abuse the studio, and make a sex place, that shows kids how to have kids (How to make them, in bed)
Some people scam too, but the people WHO do that, will never ask for password, in message, they make a site, and tells players that ROBLOX Is giving free robux (ROBLOX Money) to people that sign in to it, then they post a link in a comment say that ROBLOX is giving free robux, thats a scam.
The people behind the site is the not the ROBLOX admins, but people that wanna get accet to ur account.
And the guest cant chat.
But Again, ROBLOX ban people for no reason (Alot of times) Like, dont post outside links on roblox, that Means that you cant post a link to another site, because roblox wanna keep player play, and you get banned for 1 day, that Means roblox ban people WHO post links to other sites hardly more that they ban people for swearing.
ROBLOX is not safe for kids at all
Most of the reviews of this game on this site are VERY inaccurate and outdated.
Inappropriate content is MODERATED and DELETED from the site, almost instantaneously, by ROBLOX's employees and moderators.
Pornographic "S3X Party" and "18+ ONLY KIDS" games involving nudity and "robloxians" in sexual positions.
Many games involve recreating violent games (such as Call Of Duty and Five Nights At Freddy's) into a Roblox version, involving lots of gore, and even nightmares for your child(ren).
People are always bypassing the horrible moderation, and the report system doesn't work.
The staff team are horrible, banning people who get bullied, and letting bullies keep bullying.
Lastly, if your kid(s) play this, DO NOT LET THEM IN THE FORUMS (Roblox Talk and Off Topic specifically).
There are trolls always talking about various innapropiate topics, and bullying people.
Roblox are greedy for money, greedier then Mr. Krabbs, expecting over $300 for a VIRTUAL MEMBERSHIP.
Reading through the reviews on here there are complaints of games being put up saying S.E.X 18+, which as a frequent player of Roblox, I hate games like this.
I've seen complaints of drug/drinking/smoking abuse, the thing is you can't tell that from just looking at a game.
Another issue people have is the violence..The thing is most games have some level of violence.
Minecraft has violence.
Your TV shows have violence, your movies have violence.
Don't pretend it's something your child is seeing for the first time and therefore making it disruptive.
I lied when I said that was the last thing I was going to mention.
Other reviews say how there is to much S*x, Swearing, etc.
I disagree.
Kids should be old and mature enough to report someone if they are feeling harassed, scared, or being hit on.
Some games have blood in them, but an adult can and should monitor this.
If your child is being abused or made fun of, simply leave the game.
I have reported people and they have been blocked.
We'll roblox is fun, but it has things that is bad for below 13.
It has bad language, such as cuss words.
It has blood, and violence like guns and explosives.
Because something pop out and than there a button say do nothing and I forgot the other one but.
And than I  unirestall   Roblox and than rest all Roblox and than it kept saying the old word again!
I did this more than 20 time and still doesn't work help Roblox company find a new way helping us of this email my Roblox Angelina3690 thank you for helping!
ROBLOX is a online building site, you learn a little, but there are BAD games, such as games called S3X GAME!
So your child MUST be supervised at ALL times, even if it's just a little bit to see what they're playing, but there is Call Of Robloxia, a remake of Call of Duty, it's fun, but many parents are somehow... unhappy?
More teens go on this site, but they also SWEAR... they use sh!t and crap, (a unblocked word) and f*******K!!!!!!!!!
Besides ODers (Online Daters), they pretend to have sex with you, others RAPE you... by rapidly moving the up and down key...
WARNING: your child might be expecting knifes blood guns violence.
There is murder games.
A completely violent game that I know and don't remember the name.
The forums are filled with inappropriate things, and some games contain content that is not suitable for children.
Moderation is somewhat biased towards premium users, but any inappropriate content is swiftly removed.
Even then, you still get scarred for life when seeing it before mods delete it (just kidding).
Plus, Roblox is constantly making updates to favor the developers over players and is constantly making it harder for normal players to play free.
On the topic of nudity, NO!
If you dare post nudity, the mods will track down your IP address and ban it from the site.
It happens, and at this point it's normal to be cruel and swear.
There can be some people with bad language and hackers in a game but anyone can report a hacker, person with bad language or Online Dater.
Sometimes people make a ame with a little bit of violence but you can block the game.
But the language needs a slow down .although, users under 13 have all of the written stuff that players 13+ write blocked off until your child turns 13.
The people in some of the most popular games are idiodic teenagers who like to swear and talk profane and Cyberbully.
most of the people playing are fine, but some people can be a bad exposure to children.
Yikes.
There are way too many examples of in-game items or features being massively expensive to list - the site is mostly just a cash grab.
Note that the game does not give many advanced tutorials with this - there are tutorials, though, but me and my friends found these fairly difficult to follow - your mileage may vary - and the few in-depth tutorials are created by users who themselves have a good understanding of the language.
The forums seem to be poorly moderated, with offensive messages being posted practically every few minutes.
Vulgar language or direct personal attacks on other users (eg.
Other forum content includes sexist, racist or otherwise offensive posts, posting of users' IP addresses (which can be used to maliciously attack other users, like in the case of DoSing (just google it)), and links to nude pictures of users are frequently found on the forums.
The front page of games isn't all clean, either.
Sometimes, exceptionally inappropriate games make it to the front page for any and all users to see (including sexual content).
ROBLOX does moderate these, however, their response time is lacking.
By the time the place would be deleted and the creator banned from the site, thousands of users would have already visited it.
This is not to mention ROBLOX's blatantly broken moderation system.
While personal attacks against other users are also forbidden, the forums and in-game chat are riddled with comments from 'autistic' to 'fking tard' to 'pls drink clorox'.
ROBLOX has, for YEARS, known about this issue, and it's not only frequent, but ROBLOX doesn't even have a rule against it.
Unfortunately, ROBLOX support will likely not respond before the ban has already run out.
As for violence on the site, games frequently feature it.
In conclusion, the games are violent, the forums are a cesspool of hate and inappropriate content, and the whole site is filled to the brim with microtransactions.
Recommended, but less games have blood, but its unrealistic.
Moderation, the community and the trolls are what ruin a awesome fun game.
If you let your child play know that a few inappropriate content will pop up through the holes of the system.
Scamming of virtual items, hacked accounts.
I grew up with this game, and slowly watched the community deteriorate from the bottom to the top.
The mods don't really care, they only care as long as they get their paycheck at the end of the day.
Then why do other people think it's bad?
I hate this game.
It's violent.
There is people that cuss in the messages.
Bad one star game as well as inside games.
Lets start with the games, the games are very shocking.
ROBLOX mods seem to be fine with murder in games, blood, scary things, and oders(online daters).
Normal Builders club, Turbo Builders Club, Outrageous Builders Club.
The community is getting worse by the day with the forums being full of trolls, spammers, and cursing.
If you make a complain on the forums the mods delete your post and ban you.
ROBLOX is trying to hide the problems yet they are still there.
The bc games are just awful.
They are full of scams and group games like empire theatre.
This website is full of cyber bullies in every forum and game.
Also people who just join and say post on forums get made fun of because they didn't join in 2007 or in 2009.
ROBLOX once again isn't fixing these problems.
DO not try this game it sucks.
Now the game has over 20 Million and its community knows nothing.
I asked customer support to help change my email, but they didn't know what to do.
Most games are violent and/or horror games.
First of all, I should update you on this outdated review.
Roblox has now many polished games, but they have become much more violent.
There are realistic FPS's and super scary games.
Roblox had an entire contest to find the scariest game that developers could make, and sure they surely got what they wanted.
In Roblox's community guidelines, it does not clearly state how violent/scary games can get, so you should monitor your kids when playing.
Games cannot ask for your password, depict real disasters or violent moments (For example, Roblox said no Nazi's), or inappropriate media on their homepage.
If it has any of this, once it the game is reported, it should be pulled.
Because of they cluttered place though, it is usually a rough start.
The last thing I want to review is the moderation of chat.
It evolves with abbreviations so swear words should be removed.
The problem exists though in self-made chat systems though.
They usually use the blacklist system made by the developers, where the moderation of chat is horrible.
You can only report a user once for swearing, which makes the game very iffy.
The community itself is terrible the mature and intelligent community on the website are outnumbered 5/1 by the rude community.
i joined in 2011 i can tell you that the community is just terrible and i would recommend it to little children if it wasn't for this exact reason.
There is also a huge amount of racist people being Jewish myself im not treated very well on the website there is a abundance of National Socialist based groups (groups are little nations or war clans even fan clubs people can join) these NS groups are very rude to people going as far as cyber bulling.
People will now be like, " I don't like your hats so I'll cuss at you.
Unless you have hats, shirts, and pants, people will criticize for your looks, not your skill.
Used to play this all the time, but now I'm like, people are rude.
People will also swear at you.
However, you should know that the game page is sometimes loaded with games that have negative concepts.
"The Mad Murderer" is an example of these.
There are also war groups, and... many games where people die, in general.
BUT THAT DOES NOT MEAN ALL GAMES ARE BAD.
Nowadays, when you sign up for ROBLOX, based on your gender you are automatically given a terrible looking lego-like figure.
Please remove this immediately.
Most users discriminate against it and it is only ever used ironically.
They only do this because of the poor hashtag sensor system.
If we all report the swearing people, we can prevent swearing altogether.
Besides, they're all probably spoiled 6-year-olds who play Call of Duty, anyways.
Be warned that admin reports are poor.
If you report a user, you better have a good, well-thought out reason that anybody can understand, or you yourself will be misunderstood, and banned for a couple of weeks.
PLEASE BE AWARE, ABOUT BATTLE GAMES, I think they're only accepted because all players re-appear at a checkpoint if they die.
Off Topic is full of "Trolls", and All Things ROBLOX is almost never on topic.
Builder's Club isn't cheap, either.
Before you discriminate against this, how much money do YOU think it cost to run a website with THOUSANDS of users who log in every day?
They removed the safe-chat feature, so now users who sign up under 13 can't say anything unless a parent sets it so they can, which is hard to figure out how to do.
If you're worried about your kid doing bad things or playing bad games or wondering if they're getting their feelings hurt, or whatever you're wondering, just make your own account and follow them around secretly.
ROBLOX is the place to go if you want to spend hundreds of dollars just to get your feelings hurt.
Dont play this game this game use to be fun until builderman decided to ruin it by removing robux from regular members and only giving it to the builder club members really builderman?This isn't fair you need to let regular members have robux not just bc members.This game will be closed soon if you builderman don't give more access for regular members to have.
Anyways, you will occasionally bump into something and many games are violent from the community.
I'd suggest anyone 11 and under avoid the forums, as they are easy to get hooked on (I have about 8,000 posts myself) and you can get into a lot of trouble easily.
Some games will have fake titles, but that is teaching a lesson about not always believing what you see.
it is not good for kids.
has many bad things and violence.
kids should not play this there is WAY to much cussing.
DONT EVEN BOTHER
By terrorizing the game with these reviews,the gaming community is hating on this game.
There are some cons to the game such as
-Users Bypass word filter
-Some accounts can be compromised if you have an easy password
-Some people create sexual games, but they are never on the site for more than 10 minutes before the place is shutdown and the user is IP banned that made that game.
This game is bad.
DO NOT PLAY BECAUSE IT IS TOO INAPPROPRIATE!
It will put a virus into your computer and there's inappropriate stuff like the 3.0 bodies and the staff is very greedy.
They charge you $1,000,000.00 just to have builder's club JUST TO build things!
The moderation is really bad.
Kids are doing virtual sex and cursing and a 98% of the players are mean and rude.
But parents, please do know there is cyber bullying.
Ask your child to tell you when something inappropriate happens or he/she is bullied.
More often than the positive messages is swearing and violence.
Parents be warned, basically everyone on here is 13+ nowadays, my little sister learned about drugs, alcohol, and sex on this game.
People swear, and there is a massive amount of bullying and other inappropriate things, on top of that to make matters worse the customer service is terrible.
The 'report abuse' option is basically pointless because I've reported the same person over 5 times for threatening my sister for multiple things and there is still nothing happening.
Also, I sent multiple emails complaining about there lack of caring & good service.
My advice to you would be this; don't let your child play this game.
It's a overall fun game, but it was originally for children under the age of 12 and is now full of a bunch of immature careless teenagers.
Without BC, well you're screwed pretty much.
Moderators: the mods can be a bit iffy in places.
There is always going to be that one corrupt mod in the forums, or that one report abuse auto filter.
However, they are willing to actually follow the TOS and actual profanity is quickly taken down and the offender; banned.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cons:
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Community: The community in places is vulgar.
However, there are some more problems that affect ROBLOX's community.
Noobs: A noob is ROBLOX slang for new players who have no idea what their doing.
They can be found almost everywhere and they can be very annoying and toxic to the community.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Why parents over-react
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero tolerance reflex: You probably have seen a bunch of reviews going inappropriate as they are describing a single incident or a single place.
Those reviews should be ignored as i doubt they have enough experience to speak for the entirety of ROBLOX.
just don't say that you have experience with ROBLOC because, in most probability, you don't (have enough).
I have been on ROBLOX for 2 years now, and I have seen some bad things, but anyways...

Good Points:
Studio nurtures building and physics for everyday life.
Bad Points:
Online Dating Users.
Age-Lying Users.
Sexually Offensive Behavior.
Hackers/Server Exploiters
In-Game Violence
Inappropriate Games

Alright, so I enjoy ROBLOX, on the games with good things, just watch out for bad games, thats my code for playing games, and again, there is that convenient "Report Abuse" button on EVERY page.
Some people say it is to violent but I beg to differ.
First of all you are killing digital that don't even look like real people they are made of blocks.
But some users teach to to hack other people's accounts on Youtube, and people actually swear in the chat.
Only problem was, back in that time, I had a very slow PC.
When I installed it, my PC nearly crashed and it was very difficult to do anything on it.
Roblox updates A LOT too, so just don't play with Roblox with some old desktop that's already pretty slow.
By the way, the most annoying things on it aren't that big of a deal.
The violence is EXTREMELY low.
Your character literally just falls into pieces of bricks (because this is roblox, sorta like LEGO).
I rate the education pretty low, because, as for myself, I have never really done anything about making a game.
I tried once, found it pretty boring, and just played more games.
The ads are annoying though, but my computer never has told me that it has viruses of any kind, and if that isn't enough, just don't click the ads if you still think they have danger.
Something that really ticks me off though, are the moderators.
As a user, I honestly think that Roblox let's things slide to often, then end up banning you because they think you lied about reporting something.
It is annoying, but that's why Roblox still needs to fix issues.
The game says it's like for kids of all ages, but that's really a lie.
This doesn't mean that Roblox isn't safe without paying for builders club (basically VIP), it just blocks ads which are harmless.
I know there area a lot of bad reviews for this game.
If you are overprotective and don't want your kids playing the unrealistic violent games, you can just tell them not to.
But a lot of people on Roblox create games that aren't appropriate for kids to play, such as "Call of Robloxia 5" or whatever, which is a "Call of Duty" rip off.
Roblox itself didn't make these games because Roblox is a website where you create a free account and you can make your own games for other users to enjoy, but since the account is free they try and sell you different memberships that can earn you things that are useless and are dumb.
Also since most of the games posted that users can play aren't made by Roblox controlled accounts they can get pretty violent.
Roblox says that their website is made for kids but it really isn't.
Those genres are the most violent.
And I didn't even start on the time roblox tried to get me to buy Robux, which is Roblox's virtual money, by banning me from my own account for no reason.
My account got banned by a Roblox user who dosen't exist.
My account was banned because my username was "inappropriate".
That's not true because I was reported to roblox admins for my username being "inappropriate" at least a dozen times over the course of 2 years since I created  my account in July of 2012.
Then when I asked for the ban to be removed due to false information I was told that my account had been unbanned and my username had been changed to Reset2091399.
Then I went to change it I was told that I had insufficient funds to change my username and i needed 1000 Robux to continue that's equivalent to about 12 USD.
They got back to me a few days later and said that there was nothing that they could do about it and if I didn't have the money required I couldn't change my username and not to try and get them to change it for free or anything.
After that I stopped playing on Roblox even though I really liked their games, that's how annoyed I am at Roblox, and I never plan to play Roblox ever again.
So what i'm trying to get at is Roblox tried to steal my money and please don't waste your time with them.
The community is childish, almost EVERYONE (including me) has no life because of Roblox, anyone can call anyone a noob, and speaking of that, ALMOST everyone hates Guests and tries to communicate with them (even though Guests can only see Menu Chats), again speaking, Guests seem to do more destruction than any regular Roblox Member, and it seems that Guests can't get banned from Roblox, allowing them to use Hacks and have fun and NEVER get banned.
In recent years, Roblox added even MORE childish things like Minions (From DM2), Spongebob, and other Childish stuff, and speaking of childish, if anyone mentions they are adult, the kids will say "ew".
I don't like the moderation system, because they barely EVER take action.
There is also a small bit of violence.
As should be expected, inappropriate content may be stumbled upon.
Go onto any popular role-playing game and you'll be greeted with swearing or dating.
ROBLOX claims that their site targets tweens, but how valid is that when (for the most part) innocent words such as "black" or "white" are filtered out, but expletives are allowed?
Go onto the ROBLOX forums and you'll see a load of name-calling, trolls, or common abbreviations for expletives.
For images--I'm actually kind of puzzled by their moderation system.
It's very inconsistent.
A texture I uploaded that I made myself (though it was based on copyrighted material) was rejected, even though, as far as I know, completely innocent--does a green checkerboard pattern bring up any dark thoughts?
Sorry, I think I got a bit heated up there.
Anyway...
Games on ROBLOX are frequently rampant with violence--even ROBLOX staff, like Shedletsky or Stickmasterluke, have games revolving around the use of weapons and killing.
You uh, have to wonder what horror games are doing in a site intended for eight-year-olds.
I myself have witnessed and been apart of some cyberbullying acts.
Players look down on users without stylish, unique, creative, or comedic outfits which most of must be purchased with ROBUX which can be earned with Builder's Club (a form of membership) or paid for straight up in cash.
Lazy Moderators
While major events such as the hacking of a ROBLOX user (ROBLOXIAN) or death threats directed at a user may be going on, others may be getting banned for no reason.
On the ROBLOX Wikipedia, a page explaining bans refers to a moderator called MSE6, who has been RUMORED to ban users for being Christian.
I was also somewhat surprised to see that users who threatened others were not instant banned from ROBLOX permanently.
We complained during the free for all that he was using the rocket launcher because he had no skill when another user said "SEE, YOU GUYS DON'T COMPLAIN WHEN HE'S ON YOUR TEAM!"
We accused him of overreacting and he replied saying he was in a gang, threatened to find out where we lived, hack and crash our computers, and then kill us.
He then said "If someone sucks my ****".
I have also seen games on ROBLOX with pornographic content on them, which remained on the front page of the games section in ROBLOX for a couple hours with up to 2,500 players on them.
You do run into some people who will report you for no reason cause that happened to me, i sent an e-mail to roblox headquarters and got my character back.
Although it does teach architecture very well, it does have many issues with their site.
Many people want BC, but it's way too expensive, and that goes to hacking.
Security is even worse,  which you can disable it by deleting a few cookies, then BAM, successfully unlocked.
Violence, however, is not the leading concern.
Now, we get to the good stuff, and when I mean good stuff, it's like you're scarred.
An example of a item that promotes bad behavior, is Epicsauce.
which when you drink it, you burst into flames and spin rapidly, after that you lose health.
To end this, Roblox will scar your child.
Even though a player will get a 10 tix profit a day, they will most likely be unable to buy anything with that amount.
Every cosmetic I have seen costs Robux except a few gear and hats.
This game sucks, horrible moderation, cussing, VERY immature players, I was addicted to this trash.
Very addicting, very bad for kids.
i got banned 3 times D: which is not fair.
First off, creating and building a game seems to be competition.
Second, some children may have perverted minds.
Combine perverts with freedom of game designing is not good.
Third, the kids will spend all of their Robux on advertising a game they create that will never be popular.
Third, there are some really violent games created where the objective is to kill as many people as possible.
Kids use logos of actual games which are copyrighted.
$$$$
Roblox tries to swindle money out of you.
On a rare occasion, they are inappropriate.
Freedom on chat is not a good thing.
I have seen every swear on here except the N-word.
They can sometimes cyber-bully and be very rude to other members.
Some members attempt to exploit you and ask personal information.
Danger alert!
I loathe it, but some kids are obsessed with that game!
I thought I received a virus from this site.
It requires a download and my computer is acting peculiar.
sometimes people should watch there mouth but u can report them and they will be banned from ROBLOX
Online daters are people who pretend to kiss and stuff with each other and yeah, it's gross.
Some users also like to scam other users.
0/5
Violence: Swords, explosions, and if you are older than 12, guns.
1/5
Language: All bad words are censored but some may slip.
More then 4000 players went to a sex place and it was on the front place and it had drugs and sex.
Also lots of swearing in other places.
Not trying to offend anyone that enjoys the game, but I just wouldn't recommend it to anyone under 16.
Those words may not seem that big a deal to you at first, but when you say those numbers that person would then start talking about kissing, getting nude together in the shower, and all kinds of inappropriate things.
__________________________
Also, just in case your wondering why I put too much consumerism here is why: Everything in the store these days make you wait 10 whole days before you get ONE item.
And thats only for clothes.
Roblox is just too much money.
I spent over 60$ on that game (very foolish of me) and still didn't get anything good.
In the store the roblox creators make the item look oh so amazing, but when you go to use it, it wasn't worth anything.
It either looks bad, works, bad or just doesn't fit your taste like you thought it would.
_______________________________________
You might think roblox has a censored chat system, but thats only for cuss words.
And the pervs on this game fool kids into giving them this information.
Also, you may think they get banned forever for doing something wrong to you, but they only get banned for probably about a day.
AFTER 3 THINGS DONE WRONG.
THERE ARE SICK PEOPLE HIDING IN THIS GAME.
They are just waiting for your son or daughter to come along, so they can snatch up their information, or con them into giving it away.
__________________________
If you wanted a great game for kids to play, it's too late for roblox.
(if you did nothing wrong at all, i'm not talking about you.)
I play this game, and people cuss, and they have violence.
They hack accounts.
But beware, some people do not follow the rules, and some others dress terribly.
But just caution, this is not the place for 6-.
Now, moderators add a filtered chat for people who are not +13 so when in a game, kids only hear bad words like f--- or h--- as shown as ####.
Moving on, if you ever see sexual places just report it.
If anyone stalks you or does anything bad, report to the moderators or if they don't reply, you should stop playing Roblox and see how the person reacts, and they may stop bothering you.
It sucks this game gives out bans for no reason
Ehh...A lot of people say it teaches about architecture, but, sadly, to build really good stuff you have to be atleast old enough to understand scripting and complicated mechanics.
Another rough spot in ROBLOX is OD'ing, short for Online Dating.
You need to buy membership for many features of roblox
There is a lot of "hacking" and bullying in general.
Violence actually isn't that much of a problem.
It's lego violence.
Well iv seen all of theses bad reviews, ever game in roblox is diffrent each one has R to G ratings i think if your child can understand not to act like this in real life good play it, but the other players are iffy the games depend but out of most of them its good
The main problems are many games are violent (killing with knives, every kind of gun imaginable, and military vehicles) but violence is cartoon ish and most games do not contain blood.
Also the occasional hostile players, who may be rude and condescending, but it's fine if you just dont talk to them.
Children also might become addicted, or become frustrated by a game or gamer.
Games that young players should stay away from: base wars, all of the call of robloxia games, anything on the horror genre, and most role playing games.
The online dating aspect is another problem, but it's usually no worse than what children have seen on TV before.
And it is only on role play and Pervy sounding games, which should be avoided.
This prevents them from using any Cuss words and from using any shortcuts to try and get through, like replacing a letter with @ or $.
Just to make me mad.
This one person said to kill myself.
If you let kids play roblox just keep them off the forum.
The bad ones are reported though and deleted.
Robux is harder to get if you don't have BC.
This you have to pay for to get.
I have never seen anything wrong or unsafe with this.
Making roblox games isen't simple at all.
It's dangerous.
* Sorry if I did not answer a question you had.
I think this is the worst game.
At promoting cyber bullying.
This game is all about self image.
You'll get bullied.
The bullying has gone from naming calling to asking the other player to kill themselves.
My son was tricked into telling some jerks he had aspergers.
They told him to kill himself.
He got banned permenetelly.
In his next account he met some kids who said they hated family guy and that it was a stupid show just because he said he liked it.
New people to the game are labeled noobs and made fun of for it.
Also the reporting system does not favor the victim instead it ignores reports and bans people for reporting.
Now let's talk about the game they trick you into spending money with builders club.
Not to mention how laggy it is.
It's not fun to play at all.
Im a really picky game player.
I see all those people who get addicted to these weird little puzzle games or things that just don't make much sense, so if you are picky gamer choose this.
This game can get a little bit violent but most of the time they just fall into pieces like legos when they are destroyed,some people say you cant put blood in the games but some people have found loopholes, even though roblox has put in tons of safety and a very good language filter, it's not much but some people have made it so that you see red bricks flying from characters or mist, but people can't  code to make a game like a video game you might just buy for your 10 or eleven year olds X-box 360.
I have sometimes experienced somehow a small cuss to get through a filter but it doesn't happen on 99% of the games, so you can just exit out of that server, report them, ask them to stop, or play a better 100% filtered game.
There are exploiters on this game that may exploit into their  game sexual or inappropriate models and force users (by taking control of their characters) to act in inappropriate manners.
The support team is horrible, and only responded to my emails with a non-boiler plate message when I threatened to contact the BBB and TrustE (companies that verify Roblox as safe).
I have found multiple anti-Semitic, WWII German-like groups, and, after using the Report Abuse button many times, I went in and took pictures of all the examples of anti-Semitism and Nazism in these places.
I emailed them with the threats, and soon after, the group, associated places and the leader were gone.
It's a kid's game,  so there will always be bad people in these governments that create tyranny, so it's always fun to learn to work against them.
Violence:There is violence, but when characters lose all their HP, they fall apart and respawn, however, blood can be seen a second right after a character dies from losing a very high amount of HP.
Also, Online Daters are here.
Swearing:When people swear or a word that ROBLOX may find inappropriate, it is censored with #.
From what I have seen,it is not.The community is rude and not friendly at all.Some even online date.Roblox is also greedy looking at the OBC Lifetime which is 399$ which is as much as the Xbox would cost.They have a virtual currency system of robux and tickets.Many virtual items are overpriced so they can get their hands on your wallet.Lua is the only pro I can see in the game.
Beware!Roblox can make your kids violent and the devs will get their hands on your wallet.
Roblox is a Game where you build things,but their is alot of Violence!Probally as much as Anime and alot of Anime MMORG Adverts come and they are really Inappropriate for those underneath the age of 11 or 10.Roblox may teach children to be Immensly Greedy due to the Intense usage of Roblox Tickets and Robux.Some games Include Frightening Scenes or Dirty Stuff.Nowadays,Robloxians tend to use Euphemisms and Profanity.Both of them but Profanity being Censored and Euphemisms are not.The good stuff is that It te
Game items are far too overpriced, The community is not mature enough, Poorly moderated and Users tend to asked to often about your personal information sometimes using social sites and Skype.
11 was my awkward age, i did not have a lot of friends in real life so I would turn to roblox.
I continued to play the game from 2009-2010, a few months out of 2011, a month out of 2012, and a few months out of 2013. from my experience, this game is in all honesty not for children...
Bullying.
upon this website's community you will find the occasional one friendly person upon many jerks... 
if you are new to the community of roblox, get prepared to be called "noob" unless you are willing to buy a membership.
if you are a nonmember or do not own expensive hats, you will be excluded from many opportunities and be treated as an outcast.
if you wear the starter hats in roblox, you can very well expect your child to receive a lot of remarks from its extremely ignorant players.
even things like if you choose to use the classic/starter body instead of the 2.0 or the 3.0, the community of roblox becomes enraged.
Sexuality
not only is bullying an issue in roblox, but you can expect a lot of sexual things in this website too.
sometimes even games like "S3x LaNd" come onto the front page of the game servers of roblox, only to be removed by an administrator around sometimes as much as 5 hours later.
If the game does not make it to the front page, it can remain discreet from administrators and stay alive for years before a handful of any other players become aware of its existence and report it.
Scamming.
there are also a lot of scammers in this game.
I am smart enough to tell the difference between what is real and a scam, but sadly enough it does not go for all players, especially the younger players.
if your child does play roblox, remind them that to NOT go to websites that will give them "free robux, free tickets, or free lifetime membership" because they are all fake websites only out there to phish(steal) your account.
However, it is only that if you are 13+ this happens, if you have a child (younger than 10) I would not recommend the 13+ option.
Drinking and drugs
another thing in Roblox.
Keep in mind that roblox does not condone or support any of these , but it is very easy for things like this to go unmoderated and/or the moderators not to care.
Some players like to roleplay gangs and murder, and a lot more like to roleplay drug dealing, getting high or getting drunk as a 'joke'... 99.9% of the time though they are not serious and it IS just a game and just roleplaying in this case but you can expect things like this to happen in the game.
...

Violence.
A lot of violence IS in this game but it is only natural, it being a game and all.
You can shoot rockets or nuke things in the game, drop bombs, watch things explode, sword fight, run over players using vehicles, burn them or set things on fire, kill zombies, shoot people with arrows while flying above them, join a boxing team, fencing, wrestling contest, or even pilot a rocket into the sun with passengers in it.
Over all, Roblox is not a game I would recommend to a younger audience.
As a 6 year veteran of this game I am seriously upset to see how a game with so much potential fall into the hands of little brats who pretend to be teenagers while they have no concept of them at all.
As for currency, it is very frustrating to earn money if you're a newbie all the way to an intermediate player without premium.
The worst part hasn't even come yet.
A money grabbing move if you ask me.
The economy is disappointing and was ruined by the rich, who bought 200 dollar premium, in power.
Out of everything this is the only thing Roblox has left.
Despite the fact that it has been damaged after years of updates, there's nothing else good to say than just the gameplay.
Overall, Roblox has a terrible and AWFUL community.
Including the moderators who ban players from the most minor offences, and let go people who paid premium.
Moderators are lazy and use ineffective bots for moderations which leads to false bans.
Gameplay-wise despite being professional-like, overall updates have broken most building tools in the game editor.
As for a kids game, it is a disappointment.
I play roblox and see ONLINE DATERS I realy hate um.
Learning is how to read or what gravity is or how to Be rude to others :( it is not funny sometimes I see players who talk realy not learning
Roblox needs huge help.
And a thing called a fitter removes mispelt words and its blocked and it shows it as # that is annoying.
Realy hard words that tell you the trouth but not the point.
They say like (blocked) not real and stuff that's mean and crushes kids dreams like what the (censored).....
Just don't.
Its not just gameplay bad, its corrupted.
I'll tell you what it teaches your little 4 year olds and 6 year olds, creative building, scripting, how to  shoot your friends with a rocket launcher, the entire dictionary of words children shouldn't say, how to feel left out, hated, and ugly, and how to get banned from a game for reporting bad behavior.
Only let your kids play it if they know not to scare their classmates by pretending to shoot them, or not the say bad words.
Roblox Logic: If their not you, their a stupid noob that should never show their face in the world again.
Roblox makers don't do anything, really.
They make the game, let the users make the virtual world and make it any theme they want, they don't care for anything but the parents' wallets.
Oh and if you get robbed, blame roblox.
Basically, roblox has done who-knows-what to my small child brain and I would like it if your little 4 year old plays better stuff, like legos with their real-life friends,instead of a game for of ODing.
Not a game with hackers, spammers, ODers, basically, bad people.
I wen on the game John Dale Middle School, and mostly all of the players were talking about something very innapropriate.
The game itself will NEVER have bad language, drinking drugs, some violence (by the way, the game Survive The Tunnel of Love is highly scary.
I heard people saying the F word sometimes.
They ignored me.
Then a kid said "f you!"
I found the guy who started it and reported him.
One problem, Shedletsky is the most active, and he ignores mostly everything.
I think they should fire him or something.
The CEO is the most inactive.
okay this is my story i was playing the slender house map and i waswith my friend we were a big group 10 people or so so we wen't  in the elevator and we wen't in the dungeon and somethings in the place ARE SCRY:,( i screamed for a mintue because of slender man poping up and killing us all son't go on the map please it is HORRIBLE!!!!!
Good game, but themes are an issue.
I left mostly because of how much of a money pit it could be, and how the community was.
Recently, a floor tax was imposed on t-shirts, shirts, and pants, further alienating the free players and the premium players.
Hackers/exploiters also make trading and marketing hard for a younger person to get into it without losing their account or money.
Most front page games on the site are social hangouts, or the same mediocrely scripted games.
The gameplay is an opinion, yes, but the quality of the programming itself is not.
where you actually will get ridiculed for straying from the path of wearing a hoodie, some headphones, generic hair, or other generic hats/clothing you'd see on people in real life.
Another reason I left, as stated earlier, is because of the community.
The high ranks profit off their desperation, or ignorance, by monetizing group items such as gamepasses or uniforms.
One of ROBLOX's main focuses is creativity, but strict rules, membership segregation, uniforms, and limitation of speech is extremely hypocritical and counterproductive.
I say hypocritical because ROBLOX has nodded towards the existence of wargroups and their rules, sugar coated the situation, and ignored all of the flaws that have been presented.
They ignore such flaws because they know that this binds people to the game.
And because robloxians are trapped within this paradigm, it becomes their reality.
Anything for "progess" and "normality", eh?
I left because I was tired of wasting my time.
Possibly a few good places, but again, not a really good sticking point.
Why should people try if it's so easy to just steal?
I realize there is perverts on this site, but isn't that the same for most sites?
Games that have trolls or bullies are part of the community.
It's not the mods or admins that are doing it, it's the players.
The animation is bad and almost as bad as minecraft but don't be fooled it can still be a very strong game with violonce and language.
If you join games like: call of robloxia5 (has cartoon blood),the stalker,and many other action and scary games it isn't good but if you join Simon says,or even racing games then it can't be too bad.
Mostly sh-t,a-s,and the phrase F you (not f-ck) is used and once in a while they may say f-ck you with censors or mostly not.
That's really the only concerns.
Language: 3 and a half/5 (players use on chat the following: sh-t,a-s,son of a bi-ch,crap,the phrase F YOU!
not f-ck,and F-ck once in a while censored or not you can report though.)
Consumeration: 5/5 (the game says its free but they ask you to buy there items and has lots of advertisements)

Privacy issues: 2/5 (once in a while you may give out your age which is okay but if you give players to mutch they may be mean to you and threaten like always report!
Even though the staff don't help all the time).
Roblox is a fun site for many, but it shouldn't be played by young kids.
They shouldn't play because of the language that many users do use, of which I am surprised of what they say and apparently know, and of that there are many weapons to kill other players with, but they are never bloody scenes [unless programmed by the creator.]
and are very logical deaths unlike some  stupid trollish explosions from out of nowhere to anger young children [again, unless the creator decided to program that].
But I'm about to point out all of the problems, starting from the top.
-Off topic
Off topic is a forum section, and you never want to go there.
Its hectic and dangerous.
-Language
The language filters aren't very good.
You can't say "parent" unless you are over 13.
I got banned (3 Day) for saying "Wt?"
Yet if you say "F***" its fine and its just bleeped out.
-Privacy
If your kid isn't very bright, this isn't the game for them.
There ARE people who want to exploit children.
Yet, I've only encountered 1 in my entire 3-4 years gaming there, and he only asked for my gender, and I left before he could ask me anything else.
-Spelling
Again, if your kid isn't bright, keep them away from this game.
Any children who can't spell, talk and listen, is a pain to all the gamers who CAN.
I hate having all these "noobs" (A player who doesn't understand the game, is new, can't spell ect.)
-Attitude
Everyone has a angry side.
They get angry and shout and cuss at people.
People can hate and flame.
This isn't great.
-Violence
There are many violent games.
But they don't make kids run around and destroy things.
Children don't run around with swords stabbing people through walls in real life, right?
Meanwhile.. there are games where this HORROR is taken WAY TOO FAR.
These are to be avoided.
Sub-section 2 - Hospital Nightmare games
These games are made to scare users with usually direct ghostly action.
They are again, Green blocky things.
Don't worry about these games.
-Online Daters
These again, are like the Privacy.
Most people are just roleplayers, and some roleplays require like, fake marriage.
Meanwhile, people who say things like "*Shoves on bed and kisses roughly*" are Online Daters.
You hardly encounter Privacy risks, ODers, Screamers, and bad language.
There is something I have missed out.
Roblox is a good game but some games have weapons and blood and gore.
Roblox also has sex games most of them  are banned but there still are some.
And yes their are those type's of kids, most of them under 11 and got to get their safety-chat off, who LOVE to pick on older/smaller kid's.
Then some older kid's, who pick on smaller kid's because of their grammar.
To many of them picking on people.
I strongly disagree with this being a kid friendly game.
It isn't and it's appalling that you are able to give your personal and private information in the safe chat!
Tons of inappropriate stuff and all online!
Not suitable for kids at all!
Roblox is fun,but there are a lot of inappropriate behaviors.Lots of inappropriate gestures and bad words.I don't care,but if you don't want your child to see a lot of that stuff I would not recommend Roblox for your child.
there is alooot of violence in this game but it is not the creator of robloxs fault back in 2010 it was didnt have much violence but now there is wayyy too much violence too many spammers little kids shouldnt play because they always give up how old they are EXACTLY where they live it is the creator of that levels fault it is also the parents fault for letting the kids play THIS IS ROBLOX IF YOU DONT THINK YOUR KIDS SHOULDNT PLAY THEN DONT LET THEM JESUS!
It's very nice if you want to become a game designer, fashion designer, or a programmer, but the community is horrible.
There is SOOO much violence in the forums and games.
SOOO much hate speech, and a TON of spam.
We've also got spawn-killers, hackers, and plain ol' cyber-bullies, although that is typical of games, regardless.
The moderation is horrible; I've seen someone use curse words and see them again the next day.
Please, it filters the wrong thing!
Did I mention that in text chat, even if you are under 13 years of age, you can still see and say some bad words.
There are thousands of bad guys out there, people who online date, people who bully, people who spam.
There are many games, but some can be bad ( Call of Robloxia, Catapault Into Bob's Toilet) Call of Robloxia has blood, and gun violence.
Catapault Into Bob's Toilet is just plain BAD even though i think it is addicting.
In some games, there is a bully, like shooting your Kart when you were about to get to
the end of a race.
And people say bad words.
Bad Use Of Language And Pay For BC.
Playing free is like a super long demo, or boredom.
Well, for starters, their are malicious users who post links, claiming it will get others rich.
This can hack their account, or destroy your computer.
Their are users who make sexual references, or try to ONLINE DATE other users.
Poor moderation of games, and messages, and sometimes contact information is shared.
Most of today's games on ROBLOX are very or somewhat violent.
Some of these games do have use of drugs or cigarettes.
The game is constantly trying to get you to buy Builders Club to receive bonuses, or just buy ROBUX.
When ROBLOX first started off, it was not this bad, and could be considered a id friendly game, but as of late, no.
It's very technically and communally poor.
However, since only a small handful of games are created by the creators of the game (ROBLOX corp), the problems are mostly with the community.
It's full of really young kids (Like, younger than 9), and the community can be very immature with what they make.
There's also scammers, exploiters, and just overall rude people.
The game has a profanity filter, which works sometimes but is oversensitive, it's "Pay To Look Nice" and pushes you to have money thrown at it, the moderation team is very poor, and there's fictional weapons (The only realistic ones, a Trench-Gun Shotgun and some others, require the user to be ((say)) that they are over 13).
It's a 7/10 game, but the community ruins it.
I do not recommend it to any children under 10 because some of the users (a good majority of them) cuss and say things your child shouldn't hear.
There are also some games that dumb users think are funny like sexual games.
Never let your kids play it there's guns sex drugs alcohol and all that stuff all the time!"
Users who bring up sex,drugs,and alcohol are automatically banned by the system or moderator if there is one in that game,and guns?
If you are complaining about your kid being influenced by all the adult stuff in ROBLOX you just aren't supervising your kid well enough!!!
You can't just let a yound child go on the Internet completely unsupervised for crying out loud!
It's not EOBLOX's fault that your child looked up innapropriate games.
And club penguin is FAR WORSE than roblox.
Club Penguin has sex,drinking,drugs,roleplay (innapropriate kind), AND YOU CAN ADOPT CHILDREN THEY CALL "Pookies" and "Baybees".
Older players might be mean and often use language when mad, but nowadays I haven't seen many bad words.
Often "d*mn," "noob" or "idiot" and the occassional "*ss".
Sometimes games are too violent.
I would recommend keeping kids off the horror pages of games, I once found a game that gave me nightmares, but only because it had a character that I looked up (and it was the scariest son of a birch tree I've ever seen).
roblox is good but not to good i have seen people ask others to marry them and some games are violent like slenderman,slenderwoman,slenderweegee.its violent cause when you die a photo of a killer appears so... bye!
I really love ROBLOX, but the game can get extremely inappropriate, with a whole lot of bad games and good, it's a great building game, but mind what your kid plays, every once in a while there's a sexual game, watch out.
The shooters aren't bad, neither are the sword fighting games, there ARE hackers, they will use disgusting hacks and stuff, there's amazing creations, moderators are lazy.
There is a LOT of swearing, but there's a censor for younger kids now.
(^^)/ Oops!
The horror games can be extremely scary, especially the SCP Containment Breach games.
May contain some violence.
Don't even let your children play ROBLOX.
I quit because of all the inappropriate stuff.
They say it's "Kids Appropriate", but is it really kid safe?
I personally do not think so.
What really makes me hate it more is that everyone insults you just because things doesn't go their way.
This guy claimed to be the leader and once we revealed that he's not, he raged so hard, started being racist and calling me a commie.
Regular, Turbo and Outrageous.
So keep your children's mind clean, keep them away from this game for god's sake.
Some kids online date which is a problem now , other kids that use the program of lua to make smoking or drinks and most kids lie about their age so they can cuss or use symbols to say cuss words lik A$$ or A55
As an actual veteran on the site, I have experienced the bad side of roblox that parents just don't get to see.
Over the years, this site has decayed into a cesspit for lack of a better term.
There are just not enough moderators.
These games are borderline pornographic.
The site is full of perverted children and teenagers who date each other.
This is the major reason for the very inappropriate content on the site.
As you have probably guessed by now, the users do use very offensive language.
People are constantly posting very offensive and inappropriate things to the forums.
This is a complete and utter waste of time.
Players who do not have cool items are belittled and degraded.
I am sure you do not want your child being bullied online.
Privacy and safety is a problem because moderation on the site is terrible.
You have the option to buy robux but this is a complete and utter waste of money.
Your child is being exploited for profit when they do build a worthwhile game.
Roblox is a corporation, and as such, their sole goal is to acquire money.
They do this at the expense of their users.
Do not waste your time or life on roblox.
Seems convincing, but it pulls you in, causes bad viruses, and slows down your computer to nerve-racking speeds.
Drinking, Drugs, and Smoking: Very Mild
Safety and Privacy: Coppa and Truste Compliant

NOT RECOMMENDED FOR CHILDREN UNDER 8 YEARS OLD!!
they seen to bug me.
i got bug so much that i could play anymore.
but even the banning was bad you get baned for 1 day or even 3 days.
thats not even a punishment.
the last thing i would like to tell you is that.
so anyone, even bad guys can say innapropite things.
but now people can trick, lie and even swear on the game and get baned for a tiny bit.
people will make your children mad.
Games can be violent, so it should be rated E10+ by ESRB.
Even though people cuss, it is censored if you are under 13.
Let me just tell you that I have played Roblox before, and I have decided to quit.
This website is full of 9 Year old Trolls, Profanity so much bickering, people all over the place saying"u noob", sexual content (e.g.
You can build a private part with bricks, so much violence(e.g.
Some pedophiles also get their avatars completely naked, some people will send friend requests to you, but they will not likely be an actual friend.
The community is horrible, such as I said above this, and when it comes to Builders Club, it is really expensive.
This game may be entertaining, but certainly not age-appropriate for most minors.
ROBLOX forums can be annoying.
Trollers, hackers, fights etc.
People sharing their #s last names and addresses..Players think that they are really bad that they can swear.
It's that hell annoying.
Hacking sites that people share (spam too) is a GREAT way to be hacked.
Kids would easily fall for it and get their accounts hacked.
Hmph, if you guys make that stuff,  burn in hell.
Are you crazy!
Roblox is a horrible game!
The online community is horrible and is not censored for bad language.
You will see your child's grades go down and they will not help you unless you force them.
I you are thinking of getting Roblox for your child don't!
KIDS MUST BE CAREFUL THERES IS S*XY games,and even more grosser places..
This website used to be good.But now it's terrible.You can run into disturbing content easily.The moderation is terrible.They banned alot of users within three days for terrible reason.Alot of people use offensive launguage.it is possible to run into games that contain rated R-content.The most mature place to be is the forums.Some games contain uses of drugs.I wouldn't recommend this game unless your parent know how to make things good.
roblox is a good website for kids 10+ but there's lots of bad stuff on it too like dating swearing, but there's good stuff to there is positive messiges
But most of this stuff said about roblox being "abusive", "Hateful" These are just them being mad over something that they didn't happen to like, anyways enuff said that is that.
Nothing to harsh, but if you have a strict opinion on profanity, then none the less there is profanity.
I've been on it for four years, and I just tend to ignore those "immature" users who disregard the terms of service.
The games do not emphasize the use of dazzling effects since an overload of "blocks" can cause the game itself to lag.
While the games that are custom made can be fun, there is one slight, very annoying problem; THIS SITE IS MAINLY CONSISTED OF RUDE KIDS AND KNOW-IT-ALL-ADULTS.
Since this IS a kids site, I do understand there are kids, but man most of them need to be taught some manners and a little respect.
In a game that involves killing other players (most of the time not graphic, no blood, or body parts), you will see many, many players complaining.
It is actually unbelievable how many kids will just start to get angry and cry that someone is being mean.
Then there are the ones who DO cyberbully.
These  sad souls love to start a fight with the weaker minded ones aforementioned.
But really there is just a lot of fighting that happens here.
You will not go into just about ANY full server without hearing a player call someone a "noob", new player.
Some people think this means that a person is being annoying, when nothing from the word noob would suggest this, the rest just call someone a noob when they are just really mad.
But, most of the community itself is a mess.
Killed someone?
"Noob" "I GOT THE (so and so that is irrelevant)".
In games that involve strategy and teamwork, this is VERY common to hear a crappy player bark our orders and demands, while him/her is a horrible player.
There is much violence in this site, as most of the games are shooters or "sword fighting".
Yes, kids find it fun to kill people with swords nowadays too...Like any video game, there will be violence, so you must deal with it.
Language is another big problem.
Some will go the extra mile by hiding a swear in their message.
This does not help.
As kids are getting more and more disrespectful by losing and dying and having to taste defeat, they will even drop the first two letters of the F Bomb.
Even if someone does not agree with their idea, much anger will be present.
If your kid hasn't learned any comebacks and language from you, then they suuuuuure will here.
No "Oomph", no audio, barely any movement.
Just some dress-less figures with the appropriate Genits...The worst that happens is the positions and chat bubbles, but really nothing harmful.
What can get very annoying is the swarms of people who say "this is gross, this should be reported, my 5 year old brother is playing this >:O, this is gross."
My only response to this, THIS IS NATURE.
IF YOU THINK IT'S GROSS THEN TELL YOUR MOMMY AND DADDY THAT SO THEY CAN UNDO THEIR MISTAKE.
KIDS THESE DAYS HAVE SEEN MUCH, MUCH WORSE.
Anyways, you literally get dozens of people saying that it is inappropriate for kids.
A "nasty" game will inevitably receive the same comments.
When the game is removed after a hundred of parents who think they know what a kid should see, everyone starts to jump and dance in their seats.
I myself would not make a game like this, but mainly not for the reason you think.
If I did want to see dirtier stuff, I would not make it out of naked Barbie Dolls, thank you for the internet.
There is little to no drugs included in this site at all, after a year and a half, I have never seen the use of drugs in one game, ever.
The last issue I absolutely must address; The Report System.
The moderators of this site seem to be lazy and will only take action if a handful of people have reported him/her.
Things to report someone for:
Language
Dating, yes talking about kissing too or any dirty toys
Scamming, saying you will give currency and not doing so
Asking for Personal info, where you live sometimes, age, password
However as this site is full of immature people, there are also Spammers.
These people will spam a message guaranteeing that posting this message onto a few other games will give a large amount of currency, yet it almost NEVER WORKS.
On just about every game you go to that allows comments, you will see someone post a pointless message like this.
About half of popular games' comments will be filled with spam.
Sadly, you do not get banned unless you promise something for the victims who fall pray.
What's worse is that moderators do not encourage others to report spamming.
In the forums at least one thread a day will suggest getting rid of spam, YET NOTHING HAPPENS.
", but really they don't care for jack.
They even have a list of  What Not To Say, things that will either never happen or have been brought up thousands of times.
Not often will a moderator actually reply to a suggestion, which raises the distance between the slaves and their masters.
Problems I  have with the site is that people who do not want to create an account yet are given the chance to become "guests".
These players do not talk, and are just there to play.
What is wrong with this?
A person who cannot talk or receive messages is completely new to a game and its functions.
If you are playing as a guest for a game that takes a long time to win or saves points, you info will be erased every time.
These guests are new to a game, but also very incompetent as they tend to destroy buildings that actual members create and just run around with no idea what is going on.
Many players including myself can not deal with a completely new player, as you can not tell them how to play or even to stop.
Even a person who is on temporary suspension can be a guest, so players hate this idea even more.
I've read from players that their younger siblings have cried when a guest destroys what they've made...
it is for kids but people can say bad words and create inappropriate games.
At times it is very hard, though.
(warning some violence but red cubes are the only blood and not in most games.
some drinks that could be beer, but no way to get drunk, and also bad language gets you banned.
look at a games genre before playing: FPS, WESTERN, FIGHTING, and MILITARY games can be violent.
By the way there are so many bad reviews on here and it's making me mad!
stop badmouthing Roblox, PLEASE!
And yes cursing happens sometimes, but you can change servers if you don't like yours.
in some games you kill and murder (no blood) in others you try to stay alive there is consumerism in a few games you can see girls with bikinis there's open chat that means kids may give off PRIVATE information and may encounter foul language overall I think it's okay for 12+
Roblox is a complete no for me.
There have been hackers and programmers that have hacked peoples' accounts' and been doing hacks with sexual content.
There may be very graphic violence and jump - scares, too.
Also the community HATES new players and uses asterisks (*) To block out offensive profanity.
When someone reports, the mods DO NOT do anything!
Ironic now isn't it for your children to be humiliated and not a single thing does the admins do.
HORRIBLE Website for children and teens!
P.S: I played it through, HATED it!
BUT Roblox can be addictive and can make children be anti - social.
This game can possibly ruin your life!
When it came to the end of 2012, I left before the new, terrible updates happened.
There are guns, war clans, profanity, obscenity, and drugs.
Usually violence from video games doesn't affect their mood on the outside, but this game does!
During the middle of playing this labyrinth, my grammar slipped from good to terrible.
they used to make this site for entertainment, but now it feels like this is suppose to be a money machine.
Many users of this game are trying to boss around with minecraft, and you don't want your kids to be involved in that war.
To all of those parents out there, make your child leave this game now!
This madness needs to stop because this is ridiculous!
ROBLOX is an online game incomparable to other games for it's lack of creativity, and it's lower and childish community that isn't embraced by earlier members of the game.
The game's security is sometimes jeopardized by idiocies in the community and other places.
It does have a lot of people with bad manners and language, but I believe the admins try there best to moderate it.
The membership is costly, and I quit this game 4 months ago because of the amount of hackers and mean people.
I joined Roblox in March 2010,And trust me, It's not what it used to be.
If you walk into a war game,Your going to see a flame war, And other kids throwing F-bombs at each other.
If you walk into a Role-playing game,You see kids making out all over the level having "Cyber-Sex" and treating newer players like garbage.
Items on roblox are pretty much becoming overpriced and even with OBC,Your going to be saving up a few weeks for that sword or hat you want to buy,While,If your a Professional Scripter shooting out Popular games like bullets,You'll get 20 Million Robux Hats like dominus's.
Well,They pretty much look like legomen now, The developers added that update despite the 2 Million people saying they didn't want that kind of stuff corrupting roblox,  So now you got developers pretty much piggy-back riding off of other Websites mascots.
Each item has a comment section, Where you can comment on hats and such, Don't bother checking these out, They're %99 spam now, "Yo guyz,Come visit my game for a free candy bar.
is awesome, but when you die, you either explode or break apart.
There is also swearing.
F*** can be used.
Games can be violent, but you do not have to get into them, people can swear but you can report or just leave the game.
YOU DO NOT HAVE TO PLAY VIOLENT GAMES.
The Hack of April first proves Roblox has a poor Safety firewall.
(ingame)

Violence is HIGH, too; Shooting, blood, and horror games that scared even me.
Forums also lead to language issues.
Otherwise, Roblox still gets a Dissapointing review.
NOT reccomended for children 10 and under :(
Okay for 13 and over, NOT under, though.
Can also curse.
I had a hard time in school because of my addiction to this game, it was worse for my friends who as well played this game.
The Roblox staff does not and or rarely do anything about violators.
I think this could take a parent's money straight down the drain.
But if one person is really into the game they might start swearing.
No parent wants to hear their kid swear at a young age or at all.
There is a profanity filter in the game but most of the time kids can find alternative ways and still mean the same thing, Ex: ( B-*-*****) .
There was one game where it showed naked characters and the user said "report all you want, I will never stop making these games".
So I reported him and the pic isn't there and the game and the description says (content deleted) and when you click on the guy it says "THE ITEM YOU REQUESTED DOES NOT EXIST".
ROBLOX has everything shown that is bad.
I've seen people cuss in different ways, but they did it so the Administrators don't find out.
The Advertising system is not very well moderated, and several less than family friendly Ads have found their way on to the website (Though many of them are PSA's about touchy subjects such as a drugs and Autism).
Certain groups within the websites deepest recesses contain themes like Nazism and Organized Crime, none of which are affiliated with actual organizations but nontheless are offensive to most.
Then there are the players avatars some people just zoom in and go back and fourth to other players what is one basic way to annoying someone.
One of my games that I played had made 2 people rage quit because they were doing inappropriate stuff.
This site contains swearing kids/adults on forums and in game.
Includes Violence, people raging.
There are cig models in this game, People post surveys, and more than Gather user information, Including scamming, Which will get the users details,
Roblox can be a very inappropriate game at times, but kids can have the Privacy Mode on,  and only play games they find in the front page Game section.
And kids without privacy mode on, the Forums can be loaded with lots of inappropriate content.
I don't think you should take privacy mode off until the kid turns 13, or longer if the player doesn't complain about it.
This game is TRASH.
Trying to avoid all of the ODers, and the exploiters is almost impossible.
The ODers will try to, well, I can't say it, and the exploiters destroy your game.
I played this game for 2 years, and it wasn't worth the time.
People can be pretty nice to you, but 90% of the people on this game, are total jerks.
Sometimes players write a inappropriate script and it takes awhile for the ROBLOX Code to kick in.
and play a inappropriate game.
You could always Report Abuse to ROBLOX.
ROBLOX moderators blocked off most, but there still is a lot of stuff out there innaproppriate for children.
However, a small amount of users have bad language, and say things that are not needed.
You are just new and you do not really not know what you are doing, so they just call you a noob.
But you should never give ANY personal info to yourself.
It would result in a ban or a warning.
The game play of the game itself is bad.
I played the thing for four years, I wish I never played the game.
Terrible admins, TERRIBLE community.
So many kids are talking about sexual crap and the admins don't care.
Before you join this money-hole, give MINECRAFT a try.
I personally think this game has poor staff that don't really monitor the games and other players.
i have found some people who do curse and they don't get banned even if you report them.
If someone is cursing just leave the game ( cause its a 1 in 100 chance they will get banned).
However, sometimes people may pass the filter and curse, such as with asterisks and maybe might say inappropriate stuff that could usually involve sex or language.
Personal Servers, with tools, are often griefed or flooded and with admin, often abused by banning or giving tools to all.
I warn you, some things on this game can be a bit inappropriate.
Roblox USED to be a good community, but now, its really, really bad.
The moderators, oh boy.
They banned me and chose the wrong ban reason, as if they just sit back and click any old answer.
There are boxes, named love boxes, that have really inappropriate sexual content inside; TOTALLY EXPLICIT!!!
Lets get to the point This website is NOT FOR KIDS.
The filter on any type of communication sucks, meaning someone can curse and the filter wont delete it, there are people with inappropriate names, and also, here's 2 more stories for ya.
There once was an inappropriate forum post.
Also, I emailed them about the war of blockland roblox and minecraft, and guess what those lazy moderators did?
THEY TOLD ME TO REPORT THEM.
Do NOT let your kid, under ANY circumstances, play this game!
Roblox Has No Material That Contains Things Which Are For Ages 13+.
Look, I know a lot of reviews say it talks about sex, and violence, and drugs and smoking.
But that's not Roblox's fault!
Obsessive overdone violence, rapists trying to attack me...
I had a stalker once, and he was dumb enough to give away his passwords on the forums.
Anyways, it's the community's fault.
If you don't like it, just make your kids in safe chat.
If they still obsess over the site, ban them from the computer for a while to get it out of their system.
Now, all Roblox is about is copying games, sexual violence, swearing, and saying words like "f**k" "ass" "sh*t" "123 for a sexy bf/gf"

Now THIS, is disappointing.
I have quit roblox, and I hope to never come back.
Violence: There is a sh*tload of fighting, screaming, shooting people, blood, gore and horror.
Ugh.
Ugh.
GROSS.
(ex: fu*k, sh*t, ass, c**k, d**k, pen**, va****, and it goes downhill from there.
Drinking, Drugs and Smoking: Some users put these disgusting things on ROBLOX.
Yuck.
:L

Don't even GET ME on safety and privacy.
Also, another note to you special safe parents that I may be one day: Some titles on ROBLOX are misleading.
I suggest you dont go to roblox.
Take note that the vast majority of the roblox community is a bit... Immature, and that your child should know what to expect from the game.
There are tons of ways to customize your in-game character BUT, most of them cost money (In-game money and actual american dollars).
Fun but not reccommended for people under 13 I heard 2 people say the b word.
I love this game but its going downhill.
The mods don't do a thing, many people swear, I have seen a number of racist comments and there are a lot of trollers.
The games are fun but you say one thing to someone and they abuse you.
The most common insult is "noob", which means someone is new.
Nowadays its used to describe people you don't like or beat you in a game.
Most online daters are probably unemployed 50 year old men living in their parents basement.
If you are new and have no clothes for example, people say your ugly.
About 75% of users on roblox are idiots.
Yes, some games are violent but people just look like lego figures.
Many use this game as a way to insult people.
Some games are violent.
The game is mainly made up from blocks and nothing is very realistic, so it shouldn't frighten anyone.
They usually don't make any sounds either.
Also some games may have sexual material but are usually deleted within 3-5 minutes.
Some players try to cuss, just leave the game when that happens.
Games you should stay away from because of inapproprete players inside are: Any game where you can roleplay real life, people pretend to date and have kids.
Also some others I have forgotten.
In the game players can create models, but people will make inappropriate
models, for example there's a thing called Amy.
Now, you should not let your kids hear what Amy will say she curses and says lots of s e x u a l
things.
Also there are hackers, they can ruin fun games and ban people.
One thing about models they can be gory, s e x u a l or have drugs.
People in chat can't curse but they can use * to censor the word but most of the time it's pretty ovbious of what theyr'e saying.
But sometimes things get inappropriate, in free chat teens will use words the we shouldn't hear, they use @'s, #'s, $'s, and *'s to censor their words but it's obvious what they are.
Also rarely you will see disturbing models with naked people, but it rare if someone would put that in their place.
dont play this game im telling you im playing it for a while and i noticed the perverts,drugs,sexual stuff,and the worst part you cant make you person naked!
i know surpirsied me so ill see naked guys/girls mostly guys running around saying ''hump me'' ''wanna have sex'' ''say 123 to have sex with me'' the building theme is good but never play sandbox,and other online building ones on roblox people will delete ur stuff the best thing to do is    solo    and avradge building u can switch to offline mode plus bc,tbc,obs WORTHLESS completly WOTHLESS all it does is make it so u can make a couple others levels THATS IT it also gives u robux when u can get robux wotho
Violence isn't an issue.
It isn't gory, there is no blood, just weapons and zombies.
It's annoying, but as long as you or your child isn't one of them, you're okay.
Now, ROBLOX isn't for everyone.
If your child isn't the brightest or doesn't know about online safety I don't recommend the game.
Now, some people on roblox are ignorant and rude, but if you can get yourself in with the right people they can be great friends and help you through hard times.
You can date online and people swear too (the website says your not allowed to).
People LOVE to call each other "noobs" (if you count that out).
The thing that will frustrate kids the most is that you have to upgrade Builders Club by paying monthly.
For friends, it can be dangerous to meet and friend random people you don't know (names are usually like "assassinguy76 or something).
If your not comfortable with this, you can just spam a place/person who is doing this.
I rate it an iffy for 10 and under.
It's a fun game that has been downgraded a LOT, and there's hackers EVERYWHERE that change the game so there's a LOT of inappropriate content.
The game itself is NOT inappropriate, just the people on it!
I've had people pretend to "teabag" my character and such, but thankfully customer support is pretty good so those people were banned, but I never want a kid to see that!
Check in on your kid if they play this every once in a while because who knows what the hackers are doing!
Roblox isn't a very kid friendly site, but that's why you should add lots of restrictions.
I stopped playing Roblox at the age of ten, since the community got worse at 2010, it was a nice community at 2009 and I loved it, but Roblox moderators began caring less about the kids.
Now your kids might ask you to buy the "Builder's Club" which is a $9.99 membership or maybe "Outrageous Builder's Club" which is $19.99, they are adding more content to Builder's Club and restricting more content to free members.
Often people do immature, inappropriate things in this game and say curse words at the age of 9!
There is little safety or privacy, your kids will get exposed to lots of things that they aren't supposed to be exposed to, they need a parental controlled account with restrictions, like I said.
But the one thing that really annoys me in in this game...is the overuse of the word "noob".
Noob means a new player in a game, but these Roblox players abuse that and call a person a noob if they lost to another person, or if the other person is a "Guest", or if the other person just wants to help but did it in an accidental way.
I found this pretty confusing.
Though one can get a good learning experience from building their own games, there are numerous flaws in this MMO, supposedly oriented at kids 8-14.
The one big problem with the game is it's community - it's sheer size makes it pretty hard to moderate at all times, which is why "online daters", kids cursing at each other or just being plain mean are a quite common sight, especially in the forums.
I seriously can't see why CommonSenseMedia gave this a zero in Consumerism - the whole aspect of buying virtual items with "tickets" and "robux" is also pretty big, even leading to people earning money in illegitimate ways such as "scamming" users or stealing their places by exploiting the game.
ROBLOX is free to play, but offers various "Builders' Club" paid memberships - personally I find that nearly no previledges are given to free-to-play users.
ROBLOX is also very vulnerable to all kinds of exploits - right now a "DLL injection" exploit is done quite often, allowing the exploiter to pretty much take over a server.
some places can be violent, though.
In roblox, moderation is done poorly.
Your kid must know how how to not be influenced by the bad words used by filterpassing and violence.
There is gun games in roblox but they are very unrealistic.
If there's blood in the games, it's bricks.
The studio is a bit difficult to use, though.
Good game, but the built in filters allow phrase like "TWSS" and other sexual or dirty language.
Well there is some people who hack and that is annoying and there is a guy who hacked and did something inappropriate it is kinda really bad.
I think...when you enter this game you dont know where to start and no tuitorial!
The recent updates have upset alot of people.
I thought it was getting annoying but still played.
And I thought it was going to far a left the server.
The last thing is what made my mom un-install Roblox was because I was playing 'Underground War' and this girl (whose username I forget) shot me and I died.
But when I died, it looked as though the girl that killed me was sitting on me.
In the chat thing she was telling me to get off her... Then once she got off me, my character had a boy private part and the girl who did it called me a lesbian.
The other players said it was a hack and I told my mom.
Now I'm not allowed to play Roblox anymore.
There are also people who say "F off" But don't really say the word...
Some games are quite violent too.
Overall, Roblox is not a good game for kids at least under 14.
ROBLOX has people who cuss and people who encourage.
sucks up aloght of the internet and requires download.
May not be appropriate because many people have gun games, use language, With ****'s, but that's just what free talk is all about on sites these days.
Its good,yes.But...theres a darker side to ROBLOX...some groups like the X-101st Legion(From my experience)Members are pushed to make a X-Fire account-A chat program with no rules.The leader of this group has been banned TWO times and he is an online dater...allot of bullying can come from X-Fire...this may be going on in other groups.
not all games on roblox are violent but there is some war games and some scary games there is language sometimes from other users so if want to avoid language make sure safe chats on you will learn stuff like scripting and building stuff
Unfortunately, the quality of their security is very low.
Not too long ago was the full site hacked, and people's work (such as games) are still stolen and put up for free to this very day.
This was unfortunately stolen, then I was no longer credited for its creation.
After this event, all I received were curses toward me in messages and models being stolen from my account (which is also odd because my user information has not been shared with anyone else).
A major portion of users on this site are violent and will threaten you for money, your models, or even your places.
This poses as a danger to the children of our society.
Finally, this site does not care about you or your well-being.
Their "Report Abuse" button does nothing at all.
After several reports sent to them regarding items being stolen from me, they did absolutely nothing to help me out.
To conclude, do not ever affiliate yourself with ROBLOX.
It is not only a waste of your time, but more importantly, a waste of your life.
(kingdestroyah on roblox) that is enjoyable enough, but often can be incredibly annoying when you 'kill' someone, they automatically start complaining.
Light language is constant and rarely reported (d*mn, hell, a--/hole, gay, crap godd--n, etc.)
and heavy swearing (f--k, s--t, son of a b---h, c--k/sucker, f-g, etc.)
is occasional (extremely rare) and used by trolls, such as zilexsucksc--k (deleted).
Minor and made-up insults (noob, butthurt, nub, etc.)
Non-bloody violence is also constant, and any blood (infrequent) is basically just red bricks.
In the forums, it is not visual, but often stories are very violent (e.g SAW role-play, murder and slasher stories, etc.
To me in roblox there is a major hacking level right now.
Also please beware of spams,fake comments of free robux and tix and also never give your password to anyone.
Right now robloxia's main hacker:jaredvaldez4
Reason:He has been hacking and copying places that are not his but he claims it is his.
Whatever you do,never join it or believe in his lies.
Also, I read one of the parent reviews, which claimed it was hard to get acess to the parental controls.
IF you do claim to be a parent, and if they let just anyone say that, than that Robloxian could be edited and such.
csm thats not right the game u have to download ( witch makes your computer a hot spot for hackers) 2nd u have to pay to build levels.
There's huge problems with Roblox, but I mean, these are easily stopped.
However, you really need to watch your kids if you don't want them to do bad things.
Shut up all of those people that say it is full of abuse and viruses.
Sure, there are some people that make potentially violent games.
Roblox is simply horrible.
That's right, outright HORRIBLE.
I've seen some pretty... sexual builds, inappropriate language, and I've also been threatened to be hacked.
Forget Roblox.
However, ROBLOX does have its faults.
These faults include minor cussing (unless your child hangs around with the right crowd), exploiting (there is only about a 3% chance your childs account would get exploited), and OD'ing (Online dating is a problem but again, if your child hangs around with a good group of friends this will not be a problem.).
Tix are hard to earn.
roblox is a very mixed  area in a game that you can make anything kind of game you ant it can be very bad at first hand i used to be on roblox myself like kill zombies or Jason the chain sa kill some even do explcit crusing racisim one example trc hailphysics roblox explicit racisim dont even bother
Yes, it's a bad username.
Cussing and swears aren't absent, but they are rare.
Iffy content as far as...uh...'affection' goes...one of my good friends (whom I will keep anonymous for odvious reeasons) was a little upset one day, so she went to her 'Sad' place.
I really don't want to go in to all the details, since the whole endeavor still scares me (even if it didn't happen to me)...Apperently one of these so-called suitors was also a hacker.
He somehow took off his and her virtual clothes (NOT to her liking, mind you), forcefully pinned her to the ground, and--uh...have I said eneough?
O-e

However she reported him, he was banned from ROBLOX.
:(
That's the only encounter I've had with intimate affection (save for a troll in a role-playing game who kept kicking all the male attendants in the crotch for no apperent reason...he was also reported).
True, like I said, there IS a good bit of vile things on ROBLOX, but it's seldom and usually not as bad as everyone makes it out to be.
Some places are odviously not the most clean (Haunted Houses, Star Wars Jedi brawls, Zombie Apocalypse simulations etc.
Decals are MUCH more monitored than games and fourms (Which I won't even bother talking about...they're such a mess), and a lot of them are art requests or commisions.
Roblox might be educational and positive, but it's violent, as well.
Some kids will swear, and there IS some inappropriate material on the forums, mostly in Off-Topic.
There's also some mentions of drugs and other slightly inappropriate stuff, as well.
THE ONLY PROBLEM IS THAT ITS EXTREMELY ADDICTING!!!!!!!
However, there are lots of creeps.
One guy who is my friend on Roblox told me to go to an innapropriate website(luckily I asked my mom to check it out first), and I reported him.
There are also some games with violence, but nothing super gory.
Warning to all parents, Roblox is not  game for kids under the age of 13.
A lot of the games are violent and revolve around killing stuff, or escaping things that are trying to kill you.
I've seen racist people who don't get banned.
Reporting someone is useless.
There's trolls everywhere, who will kill you, destroy your buildings, and spam the comments.
Also some of the stuff in the catalog are models of stuff from M-rated games, and you can get objects covered in blood from the catalog.
But there are people on there who just have no clue what there doing and on building games thay are annoying.
If you dont want to create and acount but play the games you become a "Guest2345somthing" that means you cant use free chat and they sometimes seem to be aware of that and just mess you up.
Swear words and bad talk comes in wayy to esay.
Its a fun game but people get mad at you real quick sometimes its annoying.
But you get discrminated if you look ugly (not having alot of cool stuff) quite alot.
Roblox to the untrained eye looks brilliant but if you look the people who have experience roblox as a user not a parent are not satisfied with roblox, I myself can also tell you that in not satisfied as a user and I created an account in late 2007.
The safety of kids on the website is far from what it was originally although they will tell you its more safe.
They show ads on basic members that more than often are innapropriate for the age group that is using the website, games are not moderated and often contain violence and users who use bad language frequently and are not banned, and the users who do get banned are the users who are behaving correctly.
The community and forums are very ignorant and nasty to other users and often contains online bullying.
There is alot of spammers who get away with links that lead to adult content but are shortened therefore hidden and not moderated.
The support which is given is poor, contact them and if your lucky enough to get a reply then you might aswell stop their becouse if you continue your conversation about the issue your experience or go onto further issues they'll block your email no matter what.
I have experienced roblox for 5 years and i can gladly say that i never want to return to roblox again.
People can cuss in this website even though roblox says no swear words.
There is mostly alot of violent games online daters and swearing can happen and privacy is a big issue you can share phone number first and last name and even share where you live it is still educational on skills
there is no filter what so ever.If so little.People cuss, talk about drugs.
NEVER EVER PLAY Just horrible
but it can be very bad.
But it can end up really hurting your kid.
Roblox tries to be as safe and possible but there still is Cyber bulling,perverts who will try to do things to your kids, etc.
Your kids can really get hurt on the internet and on roblox.
costs WAY too much.
also people play on roblox and pretend they have drugs!
most say the T**s the F**k the H*** the s**t and more!
they even use motherf**k!
also they kill with guns rockets and stuff that is innapropriate.
one bad thing?
and says "starts sucking butt/p3n!$/etc."
and moderators/reporters dont give a crud about what u say for one issue: online dating!!!
and scary stuff like an Earthbound boss is on there: Giygas!
he is a scary face with a tale which represents a producer of it watching a rape scene as a kid!
im H...A...P...P...Y?!?!?!?!?!
overall its a bad site crammed with tv and internet stuff/memes/show spoof!
DONT PLAY IT!
but games can be violent.
The biggest issue on Roblox is the lazy moderation, and their obvious advertisment for premium membership (Builders Club).
You can report another player and be the one punished in the end.
People use the lack of moderation to say just about anything (I've seen players tell each other "go die/ kill yourself" just because they did not like the game they were in).
Games can be scripted to include explicit content, alcohol, and cigars, and blood that shoots out when your player dies like in M rated games.
Bullyng can also be a problem.
If players get into an argument, they can spit out whatever profanities they can think of, and will often just use whatever lousy argument they can think of (whether it makes sense or not).
A common practice is to call other players "noob" as an insult without actual reason.
The places in roblox can use all these scripts and weapons and whatever they find to make inapropriate palces (I've been in a place called "Beware the Hot Chick" that involved your character being raped and killed.
I reported it and it was still up a week later).
Some games are meant just to scare other palyers with disturbing images.
Another problem is a game called "What am I Drawing" that was popular, where the player drew an image and other players guessed what it was for points.
Players could draw ANYTHING they wanted, and there was no way to report them because when you report someone, moderators only check the chat (what was said) if they check at all.
Don't buy Builders Club.
If someone hacks into your childs account (which is common on roblox) they do whatever they want with your credit card.
CONCLUSION: Roblox is a dangerous site.
It is not the site itself, but the fact that users have to much freedom and there are to few moderators.
VIOLENCE: Weapons such as guns, bombs, dynamite, swords, and fists.
Also when you die, a flash of blood appears on the edge of the screen for half a second.
LANGUAGE: There is Safe Chat, but with Open Chat you can say whatever you want, including foul language, but players know they will get banned for using foul language.
Roblox censors out swearing, and people who bypass the filters get punished.
There are games out there relating to WWII and combat; however if you're a parent who is a pacifist or doesn't want your children exposed to that, you can simply not go to that game.
For sexual content, I have no idea why these people are saying that it's an issue.
Sexual content is censored and whoever makes sexual references in any way, shape, or form receives a huge consequence.
So, if you ask me, the website is great, however there are some things a few parents I know will not tolerate.
If you make an account for your child that is 12 and under,make sure that his/her account is super safe chat (can only chat with a menu),by entering an age of 12 or under,because the community is horrible.A lot of people say bad words,and some people do "online dating".
There are a FEW games that are violent, so watch your kids.
The community is great  The bad thing is that the playerbase ALSO has many trolls, spammers, and inexperied users.
Not really a good game.
If your a parent or kid or tween that usually plays game with a Good Fanbase and Community, this game is not for you, it has possibly the worse community that I ever saw in a game by far!
I got called F*** you more than 5 times!
Sometime's people won't even help you!
The community is probably the 2nd major reason why Roblox is not a good game for under 9.
Yikes!
I'm keep seeing that people saying that the violence is bad and weapons are Rocket's, Bomb's, Ball's, Paintguns, and Slingshots?
Pff, I seen a game with bloody stuff and zombies from Left 4 Dead and it's on for more 2 years old and the player is not banned!
Well, the game is down.
But you could if they say F***.
Also, if you post anything that's off topic like links, you will get a warning or get banned.
The moderation is  really really bad.
You will get banned for weird and stupid reasons.
So please don't play this game.
It's not very safe.
Roblox has a few good things and a few bad things the bad things 1.it can be hacked with the click of a button 2.has lots of violence probobly like 60% of games are games with guns and wepons 3.There are very rude people in the game like in a war game if some guy kills you he might say something like "owned"
and its anoying 4.Its hard to buy things from the catolog unless you buy builders club like 95% of items made by roblox like hate gear bodys etc are very expencive.5builders club people abuse their gear
roblox somtimes causes viruses.And 8.Roblox just wants money so they want you to buy builders club and do you know how they ask they take away non builders club benifits.The good things 1.You make friends(i made lots)
2.It teaches kids desisigning.3.Not all the games are violent.4.Theres a report button so you can report people who are breaking the rules.5.Yes its hard for non builders club to get expencive stuff but there are more ways to get money on roblox
you can make a good place and make it get popula
Well, I've read MANY complaints on this page, and I saw this one about Haunted Houses.. Just stick to building, AND if you're under 13 like me, stay into your own little world and start building.
Just to be safe, DON'T play the haunted house games WHAT-SO-EVAAAR!!!
I don't like being a chicken, but I think now's the time.
well it started out likke um okay but now it sucks.
Almost everything on the site costs money, If you play for free you will just want to pay for it because free players dont get many options i used to be OBC but i see now that most people on roblox are jerks or perverts and its not really fun anymore unless your someone who  plays with their own family on their own places.
Be warned, either make your own child suitable games, or Go into the deep dark world that is the community of roblox.
Including realistic nudity, an example is at 123sixtymam's place, unless it was deleted, and bad language.
The new version contains more blood, A death script to make it look like your a ragdoll when you die.. And the weapons look more real..
terrifying games,horrific user behavior,spammers galore,crappy moderation,etc
This is what I think about this game: Corruption.
I mean, this games teaches kids to buy expensive stuff such as Builders Club to be better than other ones.
I saw once a bunch of kids telling another one to shut up just because he didn't buy Builders Club!
This are his words "Roblox is promotes elitism".
There was an user (his name in the game was "Meelo") who posted on the forums a message saying Roblox was corrupt.
Well, his post and account got deleted and they don't let him enter the page anymore.
In my opinion, no kid should be able to play this game.
(Excuse spelling please) There is games that are made with animated blood, and can be scary.
They don't have a censered naming system and chat, but they do NOT alow bad usernames and words.
There is some scare issues.
One known as "Face Your Fears" was so scary that Roblox had to remove it.
There is moral issues such as false advertisement, mainly of tycoons.
People may ignore your questions and call you a noob.
But most of the bad stuff is caused by the community, not the company.
So no I will not accept random friend request.
However, users can do inappropriate things without a parent knowing.
Such as Dating, Minor violence and very small drug problems (Smoking, Beer, etc).
Which should not be found in a child's game.
Besides, Roblox's morderators are horrible at removing the player that is causing the player.
But ROBLOX is not the best Online-Building game.
This game isn't recommended.
If someone says something mean or against the rules, don't hesitate to report them.
Some, like Dude's Pizza Place everyone has to do their job or the pizzas don't get delivered and the manager actually does something.
However, the chat system is not filtered, and a character must report someone for breaking the rules.
ROBLOX has a lot of moderators, and if somebody breaks the rules the moderators will give them a warning if it is their first time breaking a rule, and then ban them if they continue their bad behavior.
The site allows safe chat so players 12+ or 13+ can use words that are not with bad content such as F*#k and C@*t but players have a way to get away with it so players under 13 can't hear it if they call them stupid.
There is some bad stuff like swearing but they have monitors online that patrol the games that people create.
The levels are user generated, and the moderation is extremely poor.
You see blood on the walls and the floors, dead block people, horror movie characters, and you can use guns on some games.
There also might be poop on some games.
The players might cuss (but I doubt they get away with it), there's    also an option to report others and flag games as inappropriate.
Making games is super hard and long.
The game has issues a lot (not loading everything, loading slowly, even stops loading).
I'm not allowed to play it anymore though, because of what my parents thought of the appropriateness.
This website TRIED to target the game to children but, it failed.
Also some games may be scary to younger children.
Honestly this is only a middle-ages game.
9 through (maybe) 12-year-old kids will like this, otherwise any older will be addicted, any younger will be pummeled with offensive words from older kids/teens and/or will (probably accidentally, but will still) give out their personal stuff, such as location, with the SAFE chat.
The bombs/weapons aren't a problem(they are fake-looking and it is not bad for kids, such as the paintball gun), so long as you monitor your kids(there are inappropriate games that users make, but ROBLOX doesn't look at it).
Overall, the Website is a complete mess, but the in-game experience could be worse.
though the moderators can not be lazy and i am pesomhi45 roblox doesnt have virusus people just blame roblox for it because once i blaimed roblox for viruses becasue of the lag on thye games but my computer retraced it to another program
I think this game is good, I just think SOME games on it can and WILL be very violent, and sometimes disturbing.
So I think you should look what your child is doing, plus some people find ways to get past the chat filters but heck people do that all over the web... the think I'm most concerned about is privacy, I mean there are sooo many ads on this game.
Sure some are ads for the places in the game, others are just disguised as those types of ads but when you click on them they turn out to be for things like "Groupon" ads which try to steal your credit card details.
I was playing on one game, and two sicko's were talking about s-x.
I have been playing on ROBLOX.Many times,I have been bullied.Little kids shouldn't play this because of bullies.You'll be lucky if your child doesn't fake thier age to talk using typing.Thankfully,there is a safe chat,so the little ones can't hear what players that talk with typing are saying.
The forums can be inappropriate at times and some kids might harass others.
There is violence in some games as well.
Familys its sort of Scary They Have Jail Tycoons and Once i went in there And I was a police then Robbers Bought a Police Pat (they had pistols) And they started beating me.
So watch out And When its loading sometimes It calls people Noobs And sometimes It says Noobing People Dios noobing people.
And you can Blow up things And They were doing things you dont wanna know.
Too much Violence But its a Ok If your Kids Are not scared of Anything but its Sorta Scary.
When you report people too They just Ignore it So if your kids want to Play Roblox FIRST STEP Get Mcafree Then let your kids play  it for A while DONT buy your kid to be A citizen These game might give virus 

Message to Kids: If your Under  7 and you play this game... Watch out Let your Parents be by you cause people in this game swears and Roblox doesnt Cover it!
They dont Care about these children About Internet Safety!
To Parents Again: Some People who are Citizens Boss these poor children around they call them Noobs,stupid,A word,B word
Please watch your kids and there might be Adults in this game so you parents ifyou wanna check ii checked for you.
They Talk about really Inappropiate stuff you dont wanna know.
Stop making LIES about this epic game, noobs...

Go play it nao.
Some games are violent.
There might zombies, shooting, ect.
There is also some bad words put into game titles.
You can even give out where you live, so it might not be safe for some.
Violence: In certain worlds (refered to as Places) people use weapons to kill other players.
Drinking,Drugs and Smoking: Not Allowed

People called moderators watch over games.
There is a "Report" button in every game, so someone who uses bad language or talks about dating will be reported by another user and most likely banned from Roblox.
In certain worlds (refered to as Places) people use weapons to kill other players.
Sexual Behavior and conversation is Not Allowed.
Drinking,Drugs and Smoking are Not Allowed, nor allowed to be talked about.
There is a "Report" button in every game, so someone who uses bad language or talks about dating will be reported by another user and most likely banned from Roblox.
The only thing ruining the site is guests and noobs.
Guests are people who don't get an account, purposely so they won't get reported.
The mess peoples games up by hacking them, glitching and messing the people playing up.
Noobs are the same kind of people, just with accounts.
I've been playing since May of 2009 and the only problems I can see are poor moderation and outdated filters.
I've been banned a few times for the most ridiculous reasons, including saying the word ridiculous.
Don't be fooled into thinking it's a toddlers' site, most people I know on the site are actually older than me, 14.
Offsite URL's are now completely illegal on Roblox and so are offsite sounds like your iTunes music.
People don't usually just come up to you and use sexual language, it seldom, if ever, happens.
It's a stupid game created by some money-hungry corporation robbing kids of their money, but the kids don't apparently see it.
Lots of accounts are stolen easily, and games aren't very well moderated.
Kids will swear here and there make bad influences.
First of all I played Roblox for YEARS and got no viruses from it, and urls CAN NOT be malicious, research before you say anything, also it would be most likely you downloaded viruses YOURSELF and people compromised your computer, god do some research.
great game but the hackers are annoying
No real looking blood, but sometimes in certain games "blood" (red bricks) fly out of your character.
Kids are not ENTIRELY protected on this site.
The very limited free content provided almost appears as if it is trying to make your game experience as miserable as possible (ie: 10 tickets are worth a single ROBUCK.
Now, it can't be that costly for a single game, can it?
The gameplay and graphics are dissapointing.
Enemy players explode when killed or "Bloxxed", and some games include real-life weapons and blood splatters.Now let's discuss what kind of people your kids will be playing with.
Many YOUNG CHILDREN are saying things like (Quote from a ROBLOX user) "Haha u suck hard at this u n00b go die in a fire".
Surprisingly enough, the moderators are AWUL, I mean AWFUL, at monitoring this.
One time while playing, I was banned for a day for saying "lol" (Abbreviation for laugh out loud).
The community took this the wrong way.
People playing this game often seek to blame the less skilled player in a game and call him a "n00b".
Which can mean that your child can be bullied and participate in bullying activity.
Unfortunately, Very few (around 25%, with free access cutting it down to a 15%) games are like those listed.
Unfortunately, the flaws HEAVILY outweigh the positive aspects.
Sorry for a VERY long review.
My parents think the website might be bad so they're checking it out.
The only bad part is hackers.
They come and mess up your games or servers.
Although you can solve this easily by switching servers it's still very annoying!
But the hackers rarely hack and there is this thing called anti-hack where the person gets banned right away.
some what too many things are bc or builders club a bit annyoing but worst too many noobs really run around STAB srsly?
really a bit dumb
It used to be fun in it's younger stages, but there are too many "noobs" (as people on the site call them), or kids that don't really know what they're doing, or they are obnoxious.
It really ruins the site
OT is mostly the innappropriate forum, as we're known for some pretty disturbing stuff...
RT's full of flamewars.
heres wat i think i think that it is a good site but has some bad launguage.
Only one problem: online dating.
Roblox is technecly for ALL.theres this stupid kid in my class.
he said its bad because its violent, because of blood and guns.
now the weird part was that you couldnt get past it, and right after it popped up it would kick you out of the game.
and the haunted houses are freaky.
And Koomikes F.E.A.R.s gave me nightmares.
it is freaky cause if ur in the bathroom and you stare at the mirror a zombie face comes up and makes a noise that gives me the chillies at night.
and the front bell rings and a ghost walks by and scares alot of users.
if u sit in the chair and stare at it lightning flashes and mona lisas face is a scary alien thing.
Although, the mods never check the report system so I have gotten called names I can't type.
Alot of people script their war games to have blood splatter on the screen and there is some games referring to nukes and stuff.
I think Roblox is a safe place for children to play on, but the website sucks in my opinion, anyway.
But children can use curse words, some games are violent, and there is product placement.
Roblox is tremendously boring, so boring I got off of it after ten minutes.
I am an older girl and this kind of sort is crappy to me, teenagers and adults exposed to this may be upset.
This website is rubbish.
I reported him, but he followed me still.
The only DOWNSIDE, is that there are TONS of NOOBS and GUESTS that destroy most of the fun.
if someone swears or online date, u can report them.
My school has it banned, and I am trying so hard to find legit information that WILL prove them wrong.
Everybody seemed to hate me.
The commuity of Roblox is terrible.
Violent games, Gory,and hating each other.
70% people on Roblox hate noobs.
One guy said "Noob are stupid and they fail.
They don't even know how to spell god."
And the people who swear get banned,but they get banned for about a day.But it usually takes about an hour or more to get them banned.
Someone said a badword to me.
The moderators could be unfair when they ban someone.
I heard a guy got banned for just saying "lego".
Some of the games that I played actually got me nightmares!
Heres some of the games that are actually not for kids under 8.
Roblox is highly not for your kids if your kids have Autism.
You could do a glitch thats EXTREMLY DISTURBING TO KIDS.
A lot of people  online date but I usually report them, they also swear, so really if they break the rules you just report 'em.
and you can't talk about a China Earthquakeut you can talk about Great California Earthquakes?
Not really a safe place.
Not even a simple captcha.
Moderators never do their jobs right.
Violence is kept to a minimum accept in places that break the rules, which results in the banning of the creator, and deletion of the place.Now onto the not so good stuff.
Advertising online games is not allowed, so they may want you to spend more money, i dunno.
There are also "trolls" who keep kill you and destroy stuff that you made.
Violence: Games usually have pistol, rocket, or nuclear as weapon, and the character falls apart (as it is in a block form) when it dies.
But, big games are VERY hard to make
Some users do Swear, and apparently do inappropriate actions.
The Games and User-Made content are quite violent, Mostly because of the user scripted gore.
It scared me, a lot.
And people will cuss, because there is no filter.
People can put cigars in their game, and that isn't very good.
Oh, and one more thing, there are  dismemberments and people can add blood.
Its a great site but they might kiss or say your gay or crap but you report them.
However, violence can appear in any random game.
However, players can call you a "noob" which is meant to be insulting to new players and unregistered players (guests).
Not only that, but any player can exclude you from any team for any reason.
There can also be annoying people who can and will delete structures that you built in a game where multiple users can build together in that one game.
Another example of these "annoying people" is when you try to win an obstical course and a winner kills your player while you try to complete a certain part of that obstical course.
The violence is not bad, you can use rockets/bombs/paintball guns/bouncey balls/sling shots/and many other things.
This is not bloody.
Parents, there is no filter with language, ive ran into some people who have a tongue of a sailor.
(means they cuss alot) but they get banned and cant get back on ROBLOX.
Sometimes there is blood on walls, but thats only at like a zombie game or something.
There is a 1 in a thousand change that you will find a game where someone cusses.
If you did something stupid people would call you a noob.
This Is The....Most Violent Site EVER!!!
I Mean They Have Who Killed... Stuff Which Is Bloody So You Should NEVER Go To That Who Killed... Stuff Unless You Go To That Sonic One I Don't Think It Has Blood.
Common Sense is right when they said that it could be wildly violent only on one condition, if lots of people get into a war game.
One more thing, when you die from an rpg or other weapon your body falls apart, but the camera keeps looking at the head.
Safety is not a problem for under 13 years old they can't talk so they can't see anything bad!
6+ because they can't even see the words!
You can talk bad but you will get warnings, then suspension, then if it keeps on happening... you will get kicked off.
If you die you will fall apart like a lego getting tooken apart.
There are a few games that include Jason (Friday The 13th killer) and others like (The Scream),but only a few, they are avoidable if you dont want to play them.
i love it but if you have a 10 or younger asking about it tell them no beacuse there are really bad things on there and users can swear and flirt and trash talk freely so know it first
There is some violence, but it's very cartoonish.
When an Avatar DOES die, it's bricks fall apart.
Any user who tries to use inappropriate language will get a warning, and get banned if there is more than one violation of the rules.
Roblox is an online game although this online game contains online dating,swearing (People who swears gets banned) and also scary and blood images.
The image moderators arnt doing a good job on that.
Theres also people who are cyberbulling.
Outrageous builderclub is a rip off.
Innapropiate content, swearing.
bad.
And on the forums, you can see the word 'piss' and 'crap' being tossed around.
But the punishments are acceptable.
Hate it not fair AT ALL you can't make a game about family.
Some how kids can make games about KILLING the president and about rated R movies.
I URGE YOU to not play this game!
People can say some wrong things but get banned very quickly.
The game by itself is free, but there's a lot of extra benefits that are WAY too expensive.
Not good.
The most ridiculous thing they've created is "Outrageous Builders Club."
I was "iffy" on every other builders club, but they're going too far now.
Some games can be violent/scary.
The violent games are like "Lego Star Wars," but some of them may contain blood (red bricks, the owner created the blood.
Now, scary games can contain ghosts, demons, and so on.
They should know if it's scary before they go in the game.
Kids may curse and use innapropriate terms, but they can get banned right away.
You just get banned for about a day.
It takes a lot to get completely banned, and if people are being too innapropriate and creating more accounts, they will IP ban you (Not allow you to get on ROBLOX under that internet connection at all, if you create another account or not.)
Anyways, my two brothers who are five and six play this and there is violence and a bit of blood (red bricks).
Plus there is zombies and games on certain things parents wouldn't like.
If you want to know how dangerous it is, take the game concerns and multiply it by 2.
You can run into R-rated inappropriate content on Roblox, though.
The forums contain many flammers (mean people), and some images can contain blood and be scary.
one thing that might be a little bad is that anyone can go on and you can meet anyone on anyone's game.
Violence: Lots of war games, some fake blood, but nothing too bad.
Full of bonuses, misleading titles, and more.
They don't care about the community anymore.
The community SUCKS!
Privacy and safety: Horrible filter, easy to bypass to give out personal info.
Games: Crappy, copied, inappropriate games.
Catalog: Overpriced items for so much virtual currency your kid will beg you to buy virtual money with real money to get that item.
Builders Club: Let the greediness begin.
Contests: Copied places, overused ideas, basically full-of-it little kids trying to win virtual money.
Parents: Kids create fake parent accounts to let themselves get chat so they can troll people.
if you curse it will filter the word and you will be banned.
Tanks, bombs, missles, explosions, and guns.
I love and play roblox, but I have run into several things that are innapropriate.
I've run into some strong/crude/indecent se*ual dialouge/language and images.
That kind of stuff is NOT allowed, but it's there, until someone reports it and/or a moderater/administrator finds it.
I rate Roblox iffy for ages 13+ because of the user generated content.
well u can make your characters very bloody and shoot zombie not school appropriate but over all 9+ and u can online chat
Roblox is well thought of, and is mostly aged for 10 year olds.One problem is language because in almost every game,( though with report button), People Cuss.
Another problem is diffuculty.
The building aspect can be extremely hard.
Cons: The Builder's Club is a little pricey, the Avatars are kinda odd looking, there's N00bs where you least expect them, and the game are a little violent.
(Sorry for not making new reviews for a few days, I was busy with Roblox.)
What stinks is that you have to pay money to be a member of roblox :-(.
